,author,title,text,lemmas
0,Caroll,Alice,"Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into
the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or
conversations in it, “and what is the use of a book,” thought Alice
“without pictures or conversations?”So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the
hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of
making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
close by her.There was nothing so _very_ remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it
so _very_ much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, “Oh
dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!” (when she thought it over afterwards,
it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the
time it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually _took a
watch out of its waistcoat-pocket_, and looked at it, and then hurried
on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she
had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a
watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the
field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge.In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how
in the world she was to get out again.The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very
deep well.Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had
plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what
was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out
what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she
looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures
hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she
passed; it was labelled “ORANGE MARMALADE”, but to her great
disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear
of killing somebody underneath, so managed to put it into one of the
cupboards as she fell past it.“Well!” thought Alice to herself, “after such a fall as this, I shall
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they’ll all think me
at home! Why, I wouldn’t say anything about it, even if I fell off the
top of the house!” (Which was very likely true.)Down, down, down. Would the fall _never_ come to an end? “I wonder how
many miles I’ve fallen by this time?” she said aloud. “I must be
getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would
be four thousand miles down, I think—” (for, you see, Alice had learnt
several things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and
though this was not a _very_ good opportunity for showing off her
knowledge, as there was no one to listen to her, still it was good
practice to say it over) “—yes, that’s about the right distance—but
then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I’ve got to?” (Alice had no
idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either, but thought they were nice
grand words to say.)Presently she began again. “I wonder if I shall fall right _through_
the earth! How funny it’ll seem to come out among the people that walk
with their heads downward! The Antipathies, I think—” (she was rather
glad there _was_ no one listening, this time, as it didn’t sound at all
the right word) “—but I shall have to ask them what the name of the
country is, you know. Please, Ma’am, is this New Zealand or Australia?”
(and she tried to curtsey as she spoke—fancy _curtseying_ as you’re
falling through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) “And what
an ignorant little girl she’ll think me for asking! No, it’ll never do
to ask: perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.”Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began
talking again. “Dinah’ll miss me very much to-night, I should think!”
(Dinah was the cat.) “I hope they’ll remember her saucer of milk at
tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are
no mice in the air, I’m afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that’s
very like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, I wonder?” And here
Alice began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a
dreamy sort of way, “Do cats eat bats? Do cats eat bats?” and
sometimes, “Do bats eat cats?” for, you see, as she couldn’t answer
either question, it didn’t much matter which way she put it. She felt
that she was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she was
walking hand in hand with Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly,
“Now, Dinah, tell me the truth: did you ever eat a bat?” when suddenly,
thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and
the fall was over.Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment:
she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another
long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down
it. There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind,
and was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, “Oh my ears
and whiskers, how late it’s getting!” She was close behind it when she
turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found
herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof.There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to
get out again.Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key, and Alice’s
first thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hall;
but, alas! either the locks were too large, or the key was too small,
but at any rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second
time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the
little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the
passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get
out of that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright
flowers and those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head
through the doorway; “and even if my head would go through,” thought
poor Alice, “it would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh,
how I wish I could shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only
knew how to begin.” For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had
happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things
indeed were really impossible.There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went
back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at
any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this
time she found a little bottle on it, (“which certainly was not here
before,” said Alice,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper
label, with the words “DRINK ME,” beautifully printed on it in large
letters.It was all very well to say “Drink me,” but the wise little Alice was
not going to do _that_ in a hurry. “No, I’ll look first,” she said,
“and see whether it’s marked ‘_poison_’ or not”; for she had read
several nice little histories about children who had got burnt, and
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things, all because they
_would_ not remember the simple rules their friends had taught them:
such as, that a red-hot poker will burn you if you hold it too long;
and that if you cut your finger _very_ deeply with a knife, it usually
bleeds; and she had never forgotten that, if you drink much from a
bottle marked “poison,” it is almost certain to disagree with you,
sooner or later.However, this bottle was _not_ marked “poison,” so Alice ventured to
taste it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed
flavour of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and
hot buttered toast,) she very soon finished it off.
“What a curious feeling!” said Alice; “I must be shutting up like a
telescope.”And so it was indeed: she was now only ten inches high, and her face
brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going
through the little door into that lovely garden. First, however, she
waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further:
she felt a little nervous about this; “for it might end, you know,”
said Alice to herself, “in my going out altogether, like a candle. I
wonder what I should be like then?” And she tried to fancy what the
flame of a candle is like after the candle is blown out, for she could
not remember ever having seen such a thing.After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going
into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! when she got to the
door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach
it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her
best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery;
and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing
sat down and cried.“Come, there’s no use in crying like that!” said Alice to herself,
rather sharply; “I advise you to leave off this minute!” She generally
gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it),
and sometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into
her eyes; and once she remembered trying to box her own ears for having
cheated herself in a game of croquet she was playing against herself,
for this curious child was very fond of pretending to be two people.
“But it’s no use now,” thought poor Alice, “to pretend to be two
people! Why, there’s hardly enough of me left to make _one_ respectable
person!”Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words
“EAT ME” were beautifully marked in currants. “Well, I’ll eat it,” said
Alice, “and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it
makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door; so either way I’ll
get into the garden, and I don’t care which happens!”She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, “Which way? Which
way?”, holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way it was
growing, and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the same
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice
had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go
on in the common way.So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.",alice begin tired sit sister bank have twice peep book sister read picture conversation use book think alice picture consider mind hot day feel sleepy stupid pleasure make daisy chain worth trouble get pick daisy suddenly white rabbit pink eye run close remarkable alice think way hear rabbit oh dear oh dear shall late think occur ought wonder time natural rabbit actually take watch waistcoat pocket look hurry alice start foot flash mind see rabbit waistcoat pocket watch burn curiosity run field fortunately time pop large rabbit hole hedge moment go alice consider world rabbit hole go straight like tunnel way dip suddenly suddenly alice moment think stop find fall deep deep fall slowly plenty time go look wonder go happen try look come dark look side notice fill cupboard book shelf see map picture hang peg take jar shelf pass label orange marmalade great disappointment like drop jar fear kill somebody underneath manage cupboard fall past think alice fall shall think tumble stair brave think home fall house likely fall come end wonder mile fall time say aloud get near centre earth let thousand mile think alice learn thing sort lesson schoolroom good opportunity show knowledge listen good practice yes right distance wonder latitude longitude get alice idea latitude longitude think nice grand word begin wonder shall fall right earth funny come people walk head downward antipathies think glad listen time sound right word shall ask country know new zealand australia try curtsey speak fancy curtsey fall air think manage ignorant little girl think ask ask shall write alice soon begin talk miss night think dinah cat hope remember saucer milk tea time dinah dear wish mouse air afraid catch bat like mouse know cat eat bat wonder alice begin sleepy go say dreamy sort way cat eat bat cat eat bat bat eat cat answer question matter way feel doze begin dream walk hand hand dinah say earnestly dinah tell truth eat bat suddenly thump thump come heap stick dry leave fall alice bit hurt jump foot moment look dark overhead long passage white rabbit sight hurry moment lose away go alice like wind time hear turn corner oh ear whisker late get close turn corner rabbit long see find long low hall light row lamp hang roof door round hall lock alice way try door walk sadly middle wonder suddenly come little legged table solid glass tiny golden key alice thought belong door hall alas lock large key small rate open second time round come low curtain notice little door inch high try little golden key lock great delight open door find lead small passage large rat hole knelt look passage lovely garden see long dark hall wander bed bright flower cool fountain head doorway head think poor alice little use shoulder oh wish shut like telescope think know begin way thing happen lately alice begin think thing impossible use wait little door go table half hope find key rate book rule shut people like telescope time find little bottle certainly say alice round neck bottle paper label word drink beautifully print large letter drink wise little alice go hurry look say mark poison read nice little history child get burn eat wild beast unpleasant thing remember simple rule friend teach red hot poker burn hold long cut finger deeply knife usually bleed forget drink bottle mark poison certain disagree soon later bottle mark poison alice venture taste find nice fact sort mixed flavour cherry tart custard pine apple roast turkey toffee hot butter toast soon finish curious feeling say alice shut like telescope inch high face brighten thought right size go little door lovely garden wait minute go shrink feel little nervous end know say alice go altogether like candle wonder like try fancy flame candle like candle blow remember have see thing find happen decide go garden alas poor alice get door find forget little golden key go table find possibly reach plainly glass try good climb leg table slippery tire try poor little thing sit cry use cry like say alice sharply advise leave minute generally give good advice seldom follow scold severely bring tear eye remember try box ear have cheat game croquet play curious child fond pretend people use think poor alice pretend people hardly leave respectable eye fall little glass box lie table open find small cake word eat beautifully mark currant eat say alice make grow large reach key make grow small creep door way garden care eat little bit say anxiously way way hold hand head feel way grow surprised find remain size sure generally happen eat cake alice get way expect way thing happen dull stupid life common way set work soon finish cake
1,Caroll,Alice," II.
The Pool of Tears
“Curiouser and curiouser!” cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that
for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English); “now I’m
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!”
(for when she looked down at her feet, they seemed to be almost out of
sight, they were getting so far off). “Oh, my poor little feet, I
wonder who will put on your shoes and stockings for you now, dears? I’m
sure _I_ shan’t be able! I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble
myself about you: you must manage the best way you can;—but I must be
kind to them,” thought Alice, “or perhaps they won’t walk the way I
want to go! Let me see: I’ll give them a new pair of boots every
Christmas.”And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it. “They must
go by the carrier,” she thought; “and how funny it’ll seem, sending
presents to one’s own feet! And how odd the directions will look!     _Alice’s Right Foot, Esq., Hearthrug, near the Fender,_ (_with
     Alice’s love_).Oh dear, what nonsense I’m talking!”Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was
now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden
key and hurried off to the garden door.Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more
hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cry again.“You ought to be ashamed of yourself,” said Alice, “a great girl like
you,” (she might well say this), “to go on crying in this way! Stop
this moment, I tell you!” But she went on all the same, shedding
gallons of tears, until there was a large pool all round her, about
four inches deep and reaching half down the hall.After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. It was the White
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves
in one hand and a large fan in the other: he came trotting along in a
great hurry, muttering to himself as he came, “Oh! the Duchess, the
Duchess! Oh! won’t she be savage if I’ve kept her waiting!” Alice felt
so desperate that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the
Rabbit came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, “If you please,
sir—” The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid gloves and
the fan, and skurried away into the darkness as hard as he could go.Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very hot, she
kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking: “Dear, dear! How
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
I wonder if I’ve been changed in the night? Let me think: was I the
same when I got up this morning? I almost think I can remember feeling
a little different. But if I’m not the same, the next question is, Who
in the world am I? Ah, _that’s_ the great puzzle!” And she began
thinking over all the children she knew that were of the same age as
herself, to see if she could have been changed for any of them.“I’m sure I’m not Ada,” she said, “for her hair goes in such long
ringlets, and mine doesn’t go in ringlets at all; and I’m sure I can’t
be Mabel, for I know all sorts of things, and she, oh! she knows such a
very little! Besides, _she’s_ she, and _I’m_ I, and—oh dear, how
puzzling it all is! I’ll try if I know all the things I used to know.
Let me see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen,
and four times seven is—oh dear! I shall never get to twenty at that
rate! However, the Multiplication Table doesn’t signify: let’s try
Geography. London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of
Rome, and Rome—no, _that’s_ all wrong, I’m certain! I must have been
changed for Mabel! I’ll try and say ‘_How doth the little_—’” and she
crossed her hands on her lap as if she were saying lessons, and began
to repeat it, but her voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the words
did not come the same as they used to do:—“How doth the little crocodile
    Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
    On every golden scale!“How cheerfully he seems to grin,
    How neatly spread his claws,
And welcome little fishes in
    With gently smiling jaws!”
“I’m sure those are not the right words,” said poor Alice, and her eyes
filled with tears again as she went on, “I must be Mabel after all, and
I shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to
no toys to play with, and oh! ever so many lessons to learn! No, I’ve
made up my mind about it; if I’m Mabel, I’ll stay down here! It’ll be
no use their putting their heads down and saying ‘Come up again, dear!’
I shall only look up and say ‘Who am I then? Tell me that first, and
then, if I like being that person, I’ll come up: if not, I’ll stay down
here till I’m somebody else’—but, oh dear!” cried Alice, with a sudden
burst of tears, “I do wish they _would_ put their heads down! I am so
_very_ tired of being all alone here!”As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was surprised to see
that she had put on one of the Rabbit’s little white kid gloves while
she was talking. “How _can_ I have done that?” she thought. “I must be
growing small again.” She got up and went to the table to measure
herself by it, and found that, as nearly as she could guess, she was
now about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: she soon
found out that the cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she
dropped it hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.“That _was_ a narrow escape!” said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence; “and
now for the garden!” and she ran with all speed back to the little
door: but, alas! the little door was shut again, and the little golden
key was lying on the glass table as before, “and things are worse than
ever,” thought the poor child, “for I never was so small as this
before, never! And I declare it’s too bad, that it is!”As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another moment,
splash! she was up to her chin in salt water. Her first idea was that
she had somehow fallen into the sea, “and in that case I can go back by
railway,” she said to herself. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
her life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go
to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the
sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row
of lodging houses, and behind them a railway station.) However, she
soon made out that she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high.“I wish I hadn’t cried so much!” said Alice, as she swam about, trying
to find her way out. “I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by
being drowned in my own tears! That _will_ be a queer thing, to be
sure! However, everything is queer to-day.”Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way
off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought
it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small
she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had
slipped in like herself.“Would it be of any use, now,” thought Alice, “to speak to this mouse?
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should think very
likely it can talk: at any rate, there’s no harm in trying.” So she
began: “O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? I am very tired
of swimming about here, O Mouse!” (Alice thought this must be the right
way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but
she remembered having seen in her brother’s Latin Grammar, “A mouse—of
a mouse—to a mouse—a mouse—O mouse!”) The Mouse looked at her rather
inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little eyes,
but it said nothing.“Perhaps it doesn’t understand English,” thought Alice; “I daresay it’s
a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror.” (For, with all
her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago
anything had happened.) So she began again: “Où est ma chatte?” which
was the first sentence in her French lesson-book. The Mouse gave a
sudden leap out of the water, and seemed to quiver all over with
fright. “Oh, I beg your pardon!” cried Alice hastily, afraid that she
had hurt the poor animal’s feelings. “I quite forgot you didn’t like
cats.”“Not like cats!” cried the Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice. “Would
_you_ like cats if you were me?”“Well, perhaps not,” said Alice in a soothing tone: “don’t be angry
about it. And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah: I think you’d
take a fancy to cats if you could only see her. She is such a dear
quiet thing,” Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about
in the pool, “and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her
paws and washing her face—and she is such a nice soft thing to
nurse—and she’s such a capital one for catching mice—oh, I beg your
pardon!” cried Alice again, for this time the Mouse was bristling all
over, and she felt certain it must be really offended. “We won’t talk
about her any more if you’d rather not.”“We indeed!” cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end of his
tail. “As if _I_ would talk on such a subject! Our family always
_hated_ cats: nasty, low, vulgar things! Don’t let me hear the name
again!”“I won’t indeed!” said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
conversation. “Are you—are you fond—of—of dogs?” The Mouse did not
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: “There is such a nice little dog near
our house I should like to show you! A little bright-eyed terrier, you
know, with oh, such long curly brown hair! And it’ll fetch things when
you throw them, and it’ll sit up and beg for its dinner, and all sorts
of things—I can’t remember half of them—and it belongs to a farmer, you
know, and he says it’s so useful, it’s worth a hundred pounds! He says
it kills all the rats and—oh dear!” cried Alice in a sorrowful tone,
“I’m afraid I’ve offended it again!” For the Mouse was swimming away
from her as hard as it could go, and making quite a commotion in the
pool as it went.So she called softly after it, “Mouse dear! Do come back again, and we
won’t talk about cats or dogs either, if you don’t like them!” When the
Mouse heard this, it turned round and swam slowly back to her: its face
was quite pale (with passion, Alice thought), and it said in a low
trembling voice, “Let us get to the shore, and then I’ll tell you my
history, and you’ll understand why it is I hate cats and dogs.”It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with the
birds and animals that had fallen into it: there were a Duck and a
Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice
led the way, and the whole party swam to the shore.",ii pool tears curiouser curiouser cry alice surprised moment forget speak good english open like large telescope good bye foot look foot sight get far oh poor little foot wonder shoe stocking dear sure sha able shall great deal far trouble manage good way kind think alice wo walk way want let new pair boot christmas go plan manage carrier think funny send present foot odd direction look alice right foot esq hearthrug near fender alice dear nonsense head strike roof hall fact foot high take little golden key hurry garden door poor alice lie look garden eye hopeless sit begin cry ought ashamed say alice great girl like cry way stop moment tell go shed gallon tear large pool round inch deep reach half hall time hear little pattering foot distance hastily dry eye come white rabbit return splendidly dress pair white kid glove hand large fan come trot great hurry mutter come oh duchess duchess oh wo savage keep wait alice feel desperate ready ask help rabbit come near begin low timid voice sir rabbit start violently drop white kid glove fan skurrie away darkness hard alice take fan glove hall hot keep fan time go talk dear dear queer day yesterday thing go usual wonder change night let think get morning think remember feel little different question world ah great puzzle begin think child know age change sure ada say hair go long ringlet ringlet sure mabel know sort thing oh know little oh dear puzzle try know thing know let time time thirteen time seven oh dear shall rate multiplication table signify let try geography london capital paris paris capital rome rome wrong certain change mabel try doth little cross hand lap say lesson begin repeat voice sound hoarse strange word come doth little crocodile improve shine tail pour water nile golden cheerfully grin neatly spread claw welcome little fish gently smile jaw sure right word say poor alice eye fill tear go mabel shall live poky little house toy play oh lesson learn mind mabel stay use put head say come dear shall look tell like person come stay till somebody oh dear cry alice sudden burst tear wish head tired say look hand surprised rabbit little white kid glove talk think grow small get go table measure find nearly guess foot high go shrink rapidly soon find cause fan hold drop hastily time avoid shrink away altogether narrow escape say alice good deal frighten sudden change glad find existence garden run speed little door alas little door shut little golden key lie glass table thing bad think poor child small declare bad say word foot slip moment splash chin salt water idea fall sea case railway say alice seaside life come general conclusion english coast find number bathing machine sea child dig sand wooden spade row lodge house railway station soon pool tear weep foot high wish cry say alice swam try find way shall punish suppose drown tear queer thing sure queer day hear splash pool little way swam nearer think walrus hippopotamus remember small soon mouse slip like use think alice speak mouse way think likely talk rate harm try begin o mouse know way pool tired swim o mouse alice think right way speak mouse thing remember have see brother latin grammar mouse mouse mouse mouse o mouse mouse look inquisitively wink little eye say understand english think alice daresay french mouse come william conqueror knowledge history alice clear notion long ago happen begin où e ma chatte sentence french lesson book mouse give sudden leap water quiver fright oh beg pardon cry alice hastily afraid hurt poor animal feeling forget like cat like cat cry mouse shrill passionate voice like cat say alice soothe tone angry wish cat dinah think fancy cat dear quiet thing alice go half swam lazily pool sit purr nicely fire lick paw wash face nice soft thing nurse capital catch mouse oh beg pardon cry alice time mouse bristle feel certain offend wo talk cry mouse tremble end tail talk subject family hate cat nasty low vulgar thing let hear wo say alice great hurry change subject conversation fond dog mouse answer alice go eagerly nice little dog near house like little bright eyed terrier know oh long curly brown hair fetch thing throw sit beg dinner sort thing remember half belong farmer know say useful worth pound say kill rat oh dear cry alice sorrowful tone afraid offend mouse swim away hard make commotion pool go call softly mouse dear come wo talk cat dog like mouse hear turn round swam slowly face pale passion alice think say low trembling voice let shore tell history understand hate cat dog high time pool get crowded bird animal fall duck dodo lory eaglet curious creature alice lead way party swam shore
2,Caroll,Alice," III.
A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank—the
birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close
to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.The first question of course was, how to get dry again: they had a
consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed quite
natural to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if
she had known them all her life. Indeed, she had quite a long argument
with the Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, “I am
older than you, and must know better;” and this Alice would not allow
without knowing how old it was, and, as the Lory positively refused to
tell its age, there was no more to be said.At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them,
called out, “Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! _I’ll_ soon make
you dry enough!” They all sat down at once, in a large ring, with the
Mouse in the middle. Alice kept her eyes anxiously fixed on it, for she
felt sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dry very soon.“Ahem!” said the Mouse with an important air, “are you all ready? This
is the driest thing I know. Silence all round, if you please! ‘William
the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was soon submitted
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the earls of
Mercia and Northumbria—’”“Ugh!” said the Lory, with a shiver.“I beg your pardon!” said the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: “Did
you speak?”“Not I!” said the Lory hastily.“I thought you did,” said the Mouse. “—I proceed. ‘Edwin and Morcar,
the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him: and even
Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable—’”“Found _what_?” said the Duck.“Found _it_,” the Mouse replied rather crossly: “of course you know
what ‘it’ means.”“I know what ‘it’ means well enough, when _I_ find a thing,” said the
Duck: “it’s generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did the
archbishop find?”The Mouse did not notice this question, but hurriedly went on, “‘—found
it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William and offer him
the crown. William’s conduct at first was moderate. But the insolence
of his Normans—’ How are you getting on now, my dear?” it continued,
turning to Alice as it spoke.“As wet as ever,” said Alice in a melancholy tone: “it doesn’t seem to
dry me at all.”“In that case,” said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, “I move
that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
remedies—”“Speak English!” said the Eaglet. “I don’t know the meaning of half
those long words, and, what’s more, I don’t believe you do either!” And
the Eaglet bent down its head to hide a smile: some of the other birds
tittered audibly.“What I was going to say,” said the Dodo in an offended tone, “was,
that the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.”“What _is_ a Caucus-race?” said Alice; not that she wanted much to
know, but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that _somebody_ ought to
speak, and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.“Why,” said the Dodo, “the best way to explain it is to do it.” (And,
as you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter day, I will
tell you how the Dodo managed it.)First it marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, (“the exact
shape doesn’t matter,” it said,) and then all the party were placed
along the course, here and there. There was no “One, two, three, and
away,” but they began running when they liked, and left off when they
liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over. However,
when they had been running half an hour or so, and were quite dry
again, the Dodo suddenly called out “The race is over!” and they all
crowded round it, panting, and asking, “But who has won?”This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of
thought, and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon its
forehead (the position in which you usually see Shakespeare, in the
pictures of him), while the rest waited in silence. At last the Dodo
said, “_Everybody_ has won, and all must have prizes.”“But who is to give the prizes?” quite a chorus of voices asked.“Why, _she_, of course,” said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one
finger; and the whole party at once crowded round her, calling out in a
confused way, “Prizes! Prizes!”Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her
pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had
not got into it), and handed them round as prizes. There was exactly
one a-piece, all round.“But she must have a prize herself, you know,” said the Mouse.“Of course,” the Dodo replied very gravely. “What else have you got in
your pocket?” he went on, turning to Alice.“Only a thimble,” said Alice sadly.“Hand it over here,” said the Dodo.Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo solemnly
presented the thimble, saying “We beg your acceptance of this elegant
thimble;” and, when it had finished this short speech, they all
cheered.Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked so grave
that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not think of anything
to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble, looking as solemn as
she could.The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and
confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
However, it was over at last, and they sat down again in a ring, and
begged the Mouse to tell them something more.“You promised to tell me your history, you know,” said Alice, “and why
it is you hate—C and D,” she added in a whisper, half afraid that it
would be offended again.“Mine is a long and a sad tale!” said the Mouse, turning to Alice, and
sighing.“It _is_ a long tail, certainly,” said Alice, looking down with wonder
at the Mouse’s tail; “but why do you call it sad?” And she kept on
puzzling about it while the Mouse was speaking, so that her idea of the
tale was something like this:—         “Fury said to a mouse, That he met in the house, ‘Let us both
         go to law: _I_ will prosecute _you_.—Come, I’ll take no
         denial; We must have a trial: For really this morning I’ve
         nothing to do.’ Said the mouse to the cur, ‘Such a trial, dear
         sir, With no jury or judge, would be wasting our breath.’
         ‘I’ll be judge, I’ll be jury,’ Said cunning old Fury: ‘I’ll
         try the whole cause, and condemn you to death.’”“You are not attending!” said the Mouse to Alice severely. “What are
you thinking of?”“I beg your pardon,” said Alice very humbly: “you had got to the fifth
bend, I think?”“I had _not!_” cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily.“A knot!” said Alice, always ready to make herself useful, and looking
anxiously about her. “Oh, do let me help to undo it!”“I shall do nothing of the sort,” said the Mouse, getting up and
walking away. “You insult me by talking such nonsense!”“I didn’t mean it!” pleaded poor Alice. “But you’re so easily offended,
you know!”The Mouse only growled in reply.“Please come back and finish your story!” Alice called after it; and
the others all joined in chorus, “Yes, please do!” but the Mouse only
shook its head impatiently, and walked a little quicker.“What a pity it wouldn’t stay!” sighed the Lory, as soon as it was
quite out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to
her daughter “Ah, my dear! Let this be a lesson to you never to lose
_your_ temper!” “Hold your tongue, Ma!” said the young Crab, a little
snappishly. “You’re enough to try the patience of an oyster!”“I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!” said Alice aloud,
addressing nobody in particular. “She’d soon fetch it back!”“And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?” said the
Lory.Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet:
“Dinah’s our cat. And she’s such a capital one for catching mice you
can’t think! And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds! Why,
she’ll eat a little bird as soon as look at it!”This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party. Some of the
birds hurried off at once: one old Magpie began wrapping itself up very
carefully, remarking, “I really must be getting home; the night-air
doesn’t suit my throat!” and a Canary called out in a trembling voice
to its children, “Come away, my dears! It’s high time you were all in
bed!” On various pretexts they all moved off, and Alice was soon left
alone.“I wish I hadn’t mentioned Dinah!” she said to herself in a melancholy
tone. “Nobody seems to like her, down here, and I’m sure she’s the best
cat in the world! Oh, my dear Dinah! I wonder if I shall ever see you
any more!” And here poor Alice began to cry again, for she felt very
lonely and low-spirited. In a little while, however, she again heard a
little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up
eagerly, half hoping that the Mouse had changed his mind, and was
coming back to finish his story.",iii caucus race long tale queer look party assemble bank bird draggled feather animal fur cling close dripping wet cross uncomfortable question course dry consultation minute natural alice find talk familiarly know life long argument lory turn sulky old know well alice allow know old lory positively refuse tell age say mouse person authority call sit listen soon dry sit large ring mouse middle alice keep eye anxiously fix feel sure catch bad cold dry soon say mouse important air ready driest thing know silence round william conqueror cause favour pope soon submit english want leader late accustom usurpation conquest edwin morcar earl mercia say lory shiver beg pardon say mouse frowning politely say lory hastily think say mouse proceed edwin morcar earl mercia northumbria declare stigand patriotic archbishop canterbury find say duck mouse reply crossly course know mean know mean find thing say duck generally frog worm question archbishop mouse notice question hurriedly go find advisable edgar athele meet william offer crown william conduct moderate insolence normans get dear continue turn alice speak wet say alice melancholy tone dry case say dodo solemnly rise foot meeting adjourn immediate adoption energetic english say eaglet know meaning half long word believe eaglet bend head hide smile bird titter audibly go say dodo offended tone good thing dry caucus race caucus race say alice want know dodo pause think somebody ought speak inclined say dodo good way explain like try thing winter day tell dodo manage mark race course sort circle exact shape matter say party place course away begin run like leave like easy know race run half hour dry dodo suddenly call race crowded round pant ask question dodo answer great deal thought sit long time finger press forehead position usually shakespeare picture rest wait silence dodo say everybody win prize prize chorus voice ask course say dodo point alice finger party crowd round call confused way prizes idea despair hand pocket pull box comfit luckily salt water get hand round prize exactly piece round prize know say mouse course dodo reply gravely get pocket go turn alice thimble say alice sadly say dodo crowd round dodo solemnly present thimble say beg acceptance elegant thimble finish short speech cheer alice think thing absurd look grave dare laugh think simply bow take thimble look solemn thing eat comfit cause noise confusion large bird complain taste their small one choke pat sit ring beg mouse tell promise tell history know say alice hate c d add whisper half afraid offend long sad tale say mouse turn alice sigh long tail certainly say alice look wonder mouse tail sad keep puzzle mouse speak idea tale like fury say mouse meet house let law prosecute denial trial morning say mouse cur trial dear sir jury judge waste breath judge jury say cunne old fury try cause condemn death attend say mouse alice severely think beg pardon say alice humbly get fifth bend cry mouse sharply angrily knot say alice ready useful look anxiously oh let help undo shall sort say mouse get walk away insult talk mean plead poor alice easily offend mouse growl reply come finish story alice call join chorus yes mouse shake head impatiently walk little quick pity stay sigh lory soon sight old crab take opportunity say daughter ah dear let lesson lose temper hold tongue ma say young crab little snappishly try patience wish dinah know say alice aloud address particular soon fetch dinah venture ask question say lory alice reply eagerly ready talk pet dinah cat capital catch mouse think oh wish bird eat little bird soon look speech cause remarkable sensation party bird hurry old magpie begin wrap carefully remark get home night air suit throat canary call tremble voice child come away dear high time bed pretext move alice soon leave wish mention dinah say melancholy tone like sure good cat world oh dear dinah wonder shall poor alice begin cry feel lonely low spirited little hear little pattering footstep distance look eagerly half hope mouse change mind come finish story
3,Caroll,Alice," IV.
The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something; and she heard
it muttering to itself “The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh my dear paws! Oh
my fur and whiskers! She’ll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are
ferrets! Where _can_ I have dropped them, I wonder?” Alice guessed in a
moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid
gloves, and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but
they were nowhere to be seen—everything seemed to have changed since
her swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the
little door, had vanished completely.Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
called out to her in an angry tone, “Why, Mary Ann, what _are_ you
doing out here? Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and
a fan! Quick, now!” And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off
at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the
mistake it had made.“He took me for his housemaid,” she said to herself as she ran. “How
surprised he’ll be when he finds out who I am! But I’d better take him
his fan and gloves—that is, if I can find them.” As she said this, she
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
plate with the name “W. RABBIT,” engraved upon it. She went in without
knocking, and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the
real Mary Ann, and be turned out of the house before she had found the
fan and gloves.“How queer it seems,” Alice said to herself, “to be going messages for
a rabbit! I suppose Dinah’ll be sending me on messages next!” And she
began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: “‘Miss Alice! Come
here directly, and get ready for your walk!’ ‘Coming in a minute,
nurse! But I’ve got to see that the mouse doesn’t get out.’ Only I
don’t think,” Alice went on, “that they’d let Dinah stop in the house
if it began ordering people about like that!”By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table
in the window, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two or three
pairs of tiny white kid gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the
gloves, and was just going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass. There was no label
this time with the words “DRINK ME,” but nevertheless she uncorked it
and put it to her lips. “I know _something_ interesting is sure to
happen,” she said to herself, “whenever I eat or drink anything; so
I’ll just see what this bottle does. I do hope it’ll make me grow large
again, for really I’m quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!”It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had
drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing against the ceiling,
and had to stoop to save her neck from being broken. She hastily put
down the bottle, saying to herself “That’s quite enough—I hope I shan’t
grow any more—As it is, I can’t get out at the door—I do wish I hadn’t
drunk quite so much!”Alas! it was too late to wish that! She went on growing, and growing,
and very soon had to kneel down on the floor: in another minute there
was not even room for this, and she tried the effect of lying down with
one elbow against the door, and the other arm curled round her head.
Still she went on growing, and, as a last resource, she put one arm out
of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to herself “Now I
can do no more, whatever happens. What _will_ become of me?”Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
and she grew no larger: still it was very uncomfortable, and, as there
seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting out of the room
again, no wonder she felt unhappy.“It was much pleasanter at home,” thought poor Alice, “when one wasn’t
always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and
rabbits. I almost wish I hadn’t gone down that rabbit-hole—and yet—and
yet—it’s rather curious, you know, this sort of life! I do wonder what
_can_ have happened to me! When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied
that kind of thing never happened, and now here I am in the middle of
one! There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought! And
when I grow up, I’ll write one—but I’m grown up now,” she added in a
sorrowful tone; “at least there’s no room to grow up any more _here_.”“But then,” thought Alice, “shall I _never_ get any older than I am
now? That’ll be a comfort, one way—never to be an old woman—but
then—always to have lessons to learn! Oh, I shouldn’t like _that!_”“Oh, you foolish Alice!” she answered herself. “How can you learn
lessons in here? Why, there’s hardly room for _you_, and no room at all
for any lesson-books!”And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and
making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes
she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.“Mary Ann! Mary Ann!” said the voice. “Fetch me my gloves this moment!”
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
the Rabbit coming to look for her, and she trembled till she shook the
house, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as
large as the Rabbit, and had no reason to be afraid of it.Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it; but, as
the door opened inwards, and Alice’s elbow was pressed hard against it,
that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself “Then I’ll
go round and get in at the window.”“_That_ you won’t!” thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied
she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her
hand, and made a snatch in the air. She did not get hold of anything,
but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass,
from which she concluded that it was just possible it had fallen into a
cucumber-frame, or something of the sort.Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—“Pat! Pat! Where are you?” And
then a voice she had never heard before, “Sure then I’m here! Digging
for apples, yer honour!”“Digging for apples, indeed!” said the Rabbit angrily. “Here! Come and
help me out of _this!_” (Sounds of more broken glass.)“Now tell me, Pat, what’s that in the window?”“Sure, it’s an arm, yer honour!” (He pronounced it “arrum.”)“An arm, you goose! Who ever saw one that size? Why, it fills the whole
window!”“Sure, it does, yer honour: but it’s an arm for all that.”“Well, it’s got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!”There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers
now and then; such as, “Sure, I don’t like it, yer honour, at all, at
all!” “Do as I tell you, you coward!” and at last she spread out her
hand again, and made another snatch in the air. This time there were
_two_ little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. “What a number
of cucumber-frames there must be!” thought Alice. “I wonder what
they’ll do next! As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they
_could!_ I’m sure _I_ don’t want to stay in here any longer!”She waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices all
talking together: she made out the words: “Where’s the other
ladder?—Why, I hadn’t to bring but one; Bill’s got the other—Bill!
fetch it here, lad!—Here, put ’em up at this corner—No, tie ’em
together first—they don’t reach half high enough yet—Oh! they’ll do
well enough; don’t be particular—Here, Bill! catch hold of this
rope—Will the roof bear?—Mind that loose slate—Oh, it’s coming down!
Heads below!” (a loud crash)—“Now, who did that?—It was Bill, I
fancy—Who’s to go down the chimney?—Nay, _I_ shan’t! _You_ do
it!—_That_ I won’t, then!—Bill’s to go down—Here, Bill! the master says
you’re to go down the chimney!”“Oh! So Bill’s got to come down the chimney, has he?” said Alice to
herself. “Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill! I wouldn’t be in
Bill’s place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but
I _think_ I can kick a little!”She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could, and waited till
she heard a little animal (she couldn’t guess of what sort it was)
scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her: then,
saying to herself “This is Bill,” she gave one sharp kick, and waited
to see what would happen next.The first thing she heard was a general chorus of “There goes Bill!”
then the Rabbit’s voice along—“Catch him, you by the hedge!” then
silence, and then another confusion of voices—“Hold up his head—Brandy
now—Don’t choke him—How was it, old fellow? What happened to you? Tell
us all about it!”Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, (“That’s Bill,” thought
Alice,) “Well, I hardly know—No more, thank ye; I’m better now—but I’m
a deal too flustered to tell you—all I know is, something comes at me
like a Jack-in-the-box, and up I goes like a sky-rocket!”“So you did, old fellow!” said the others.“We must burn the house down!” said the Rabbit’s voice; and Alice
called out as loud as she could, “If you do, I’ll set Dinah at you!”There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to herself, “I
wonder what they _will_ do next! If they had any sense, they’d take the
roof off.” After a minute or two, they began moving about again, and
Alice heard the Rabbit say, “A barrowful will do, to begin with.”“A barrowful of _what?_” thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt,
for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the
window, and some of them hit her in the face. “I’ll put a stop to
this,” she said to herself, and shouted out, “You’d better not do that
again!” which produced another dead silence.Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into
little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into her
head. “If I eat one of these cakes,” she thought, “it’s sure to make
_some_ change in my size; and as it can’t possibly make me larger, it
must make me smaller, I suppose.”So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she
began shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get
through the door, she ran out of the house, and found quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside. The poor little Lizard, Bill,
was in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving it
something out of a bottle. They all made a rush at Alice the moment she
appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself
safe in a thick wood.“The first thing I’ve got to do,” said Alice to herself, as she
wandered about in the wood, “is to grow to my right size again; and the
second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I think that
will be the best plan.”It sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply
arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the smallest idea
how to set about it; and while she was peering about anxiously among
the trees, a little sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a
great hurry.An enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round eyes, and
feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch her. “Poor little
thing!” said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to
it; but she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it
might be hungry, in which case it would be very likely to eat her up in
spite of all her coaxing.Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and
held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped into the air off
all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at the stick,
and made believe to worry it; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle,
to keep herself from being run over; and the moment she appeared on the
other side, the puppy made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every
moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle again; then
the puppy began a series of short charges at the stick, running a very
little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely
all the while, till at last it sat down a good way off, panting, with
its tongue hanging out of its mouth, and its great eyes half shut.This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she
set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath,
and till the puppy’s bark sounded quite faint in the distance.“And yet what a dear little puppy it was!” said Alice, as she leant
against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself with one of the
leaves: “I should have liked teaching it tricks very much, if—if I’d
only been the right size to do it! Oh dear! I’d nearly forgotten that
I’ve got to grow up again! Let me see—how _is_ it to be managed? I
suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great
question is, what?”The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at
the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that
looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
There was a large mushroom growing near her, about the same height as
herself; and when she had looked under it, and on both sides of it, and
behind it, it occurred to her that she might as well look and see what
was on the top of it.She stretched herself up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of the
mushroom, and her eyes immediately met those of a large blue
caterpillar, that was sitting on the top with its arms folded, quietly
smoking a long hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of her or of
anything else.",iv rabbit sends little bill white rabbit trot slowly look anxiously go lose hear mutter duchess duchess oh dear paw oh fur whisker execute sure ferret ferret drop wonder alice guess moment look fan pair white kid glove good naturedly begin hunt see change swim pool great hall glass table little door vanish completely soon rabbit notice alice go hunt call angry tone mary ann run home moment fetch pair glove fan quick alice frightened run direction point try explain mistake take housemaid say run surprised find well fan glove find say come neat little house door bright brass plate rabbit engrave go knock hurry upstairs great fear lest meet real mary ann turn house find fan glove queer alice say go message rabbit suppose send message begin fancy sort thing happen miss alice come directly ready walk come minute nurse get mouse think alice go let dinah stop house begin order people like time find way tidy little room table window hope fan pair tiny white kid glove take fan pair glove go leave room eye fall little bottle stand near look glass label time word drink uncork lip know interesting sure happen say eat drink bottle hope grow large tired tiny little soon expect drunk half bottle find head press ceiling stoop save neck break hastily bottle say hope sha grow door wish drunk late wish go grow grow soon kneel floor minute room try effect lie elbow door arm curl round head go grow resource arm window foot chimney say happen alice little magic bottle effect grow large uncomfortable sort chance get room wonder feel unhappy pleasanter home think poor alice grow large small order mouse rabbit wish go rabbit hole curious know sort life wonder happen read fairy tale fancy kind thing happen middle ought book write ought grow write grow add sorrowful tone room grow think alice shall old comfort way old woman lesson learn oh like foolish alice answer learn lesson hardly room room lesson go take make conversation altogether minute hear voice outside stop listen ann mary ann say voice fetch glove moment come little pattering foot stair alice know rabbit come look tremble till shake house forget thousand time large rabbit reason afraid presently rabbit come door try open door open inward alice elbow press hard attempt prove failure alice hear round window wo think alice wait till fancy hear rabbit window suddenly spread hand snatch air hold hear little shriek fall crash broken glass conclude possible fall cucumber frame sort come angry voice pat voice hear sure dig apple yer apple say rabbit angrily come help sound broken tell pat arm yer honour pronounce arrum arm goose see size fill yer honour arm get business rate long silence alice hear whisper sure like yer honour tell coward spread hand snatch air time little shriek sound broken glass number cucumber frame think alice wonder pull window wish sure want stay wait time hear come rumbling little cartwheel sound good voice talk word bring bill get bill fetch corner tie reach half high oh particular bill catch hold rope roof loose slate oh come head loud bill fancy sha wo bill master say bill get come chimney say alice shy bill bill place good deal fireplace narrow sure think kick draw foot far chimney wait till hear little animal guess sort scratch scramble chimney close say bill give sharp kick wait happen thing hear general chorus go bill rabbit voice hedge silence confusion head brandy choke old fellow happen tell come little feeble squeak voice bill think alice hardly know thank ye well deal fluster tell know come like jack box go like sky old fellow say burn house say rabbit voice alice call loud set dinah dead silence instantly alice think wonder sense roof minute begin move alice hear rabbit barrowful begin barrowful think alice long doubt moment shower little pebble come rattle window hit face stop say shout well produce dead silence alice notice surprise pebble turn little cake lie floor bright idea come head eat cake think sure change size possibly large small suppose swallow cake delighted find begin shrink directly soon small door run house find crowd little animal bird wait outside poor little lizard bill middle hold guinea pig give bottle rush alice moment appear run hard soon find safe thick wood thing get say alice wander wood grow right size second thing find way lovely garden think good plan sound excellent plan doubt neatly simply arrange difficulty small idea set peer anxiously tree little sharp bark head look great hurry enormous puppy look large round eye feebly stretch paw try touch poor little thing say alice coax tone try hard whistle terribly frighten time thought hungry case likely eat spite coax hardly know pick little bit stick hold puppy puppy jump air foot yelp delight rush stick believe worry alice dodge great thistle run moment appear puppy rush stick tumbled head heel hurry hold alice think like have game play cart horse expect moment trample foot run round thistle puppy begin series short charge stick run little way forwards time long way bark hoarsely till sit good way pant tongue hang mouth great eye half shut alice good opportunity make escape set run till tired breath till puppy bark sound faint distance dear little puppy say alice leant buttercup rest fan leave like teach trick right size oh dear nearly forget get grow let manage suppose ought eat drink great question great question certainly alice look round flower blade grass look like right thing eat drink circumstance large mushroom grow near height look side occur look stretch tiptoe peep edge mushroom eye immediately meet large blue caterpillar sit arm fold quietly smoke long hookah take small notice
4,Caroll,Alice," V.
Advice from a Caterpillar
The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in
silence: at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and
addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.“Who are _you?_” said the Caterpillar.This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
rather shyly, “I—I hardly know, sir, just at present—at least I know
who I _was_ when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been
changed several times since then.”“What do you mean by that?” said the Caterpillar sternly. “Explain
yourself!”“I can’t explain _myself_, I’m afraid, sir,” said Alice, “because I’m
not myself, you see.”“I don’t see,” said the Caterpillar.“I’m afraid I can’t put it more clearly,” Alice replied very politely,
“for I can’t understand it myself to begin with; and being so many
different sizes in a day is very confusing.”“It isn’t,” said the Caterpillar.“Well, perhaps you haven’t found it so yet,” said Alice; “but when you
have to turn into a chrysalis—you will some day, you know—and then
after that into a butterfly, I should think you’ll feel it a little
queer, won’t you?”“Not a bit,” said the Caterpillar.“Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,” said Alice; “all I know
is, it would feel very queer to _me_.”“You!” said the Caterpillar contemptuously. “Who are _you?_”Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar’s making such _very_
short remarks, and she drew herself up and said, very gravely, “I
think, you ought to tell me who _you_ are, first.”“Why?” said the Caterpillar.Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
good reason, and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in a _very_ unpleasant
state of mind, she turned away.“Come back!” the Caterpillar called after her. “I’ve something
important to say!”This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.“Keep your temper,” said the Caterpillar.“Is that all?” said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she
could.“No,” said the Caterpillar.Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else to do,
and perhaps after all it might tell her something worth hearing. For
some minutes it puffed away without speaking, but at last it unfolded
its arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said, “So you
think you’re changed, do you?”“I’m afraid I am, sir,” said Alice; “I can’t remember things as I
used—and I don’t keep the same size for ten minutes together!”“Can’t remember _what_ things?” said the Caterpillar.“Well, I’ve tried to say “How doth the little busy bee,” but it all
came different!” Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.“Repeat, “_You are old, Father William_,’” said the Caterpillar.Alice folded her hands, and began:—“You are old, Father William,” the young man said,
    “And your hair has become very white;
And yet you incessantly stand on your head—
    Do you think, at your age, it is right?”“In my youth,” Father William replied to his son,
    “I feared it might injure the brain;
But, now that I’m perfectly sure I have none,
    Why, I do it again and again.”“You are old,” said the youth, “as I mentioned before,
    And have grown most uncommonly fat;
Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door—
    Pray, what is the reason of that?”“In my youth,” said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
    “I kept all my limbs very supple
By the use of this ointment—one shilling the box—
    Allow me to sell you a couple?”“You are old,” said the youth, “and your jaws are too weak
    For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak—
    Pray, how did you manage to do it?”“In my youth,” said his father, “I took to the law,
    And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength, which it gave to my jaw,
    Has lasted the rest of my life.”“You are old,” said the youth, “one would hardly suppose
    That your eye was as steady as ever;
Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose—
    What made you so awfully clever?”“I have answered three questions, and that is enough,”
    Said his father; “don’t give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
    Be off, or I’ll kick you down stairs!”
“That is not said right,” said the Caterpillar.“Not _quite_ right, I’m afraid,” said Alice, timidly; “some of the
words have got altered.”“It is wrong from beginning to end,” said the Caterpillar decidedly,
and there was silence for some minutes.The Caterpillar was the first to speak.“What size do you want to be?” it asked.“Oh, I’m not particular as to size,” Alice hastily replied; “only one
doesn’t like changing so often, you know.”“I _don’t_ know,” said the Caterpillar.Alice said nothing: she had never been so much contradicted in her life
before, and she felt that she was losing her temper.“Are you content now?” said the Caterpillar.“Well, I should like to be a _little_ larger, sir, if you wouldn’t
mind,” said Alice: “three inches is such a wretched height to be.”“It is a very good height indeed!” said the Caterpillar angrily,
rearing itself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three inches high).“But I’m not used to it!” pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone. And she
thought of herself, “I wish the creatures wouldn’t be so easily
offended!”“You’ll get used to it in time,” said the Caterpillar; and it put the
hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again. In a
minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth and
yawned once or twice, and shook itself. Then it got down off the
mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as it went,
“One side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you
grow shorter.”“One side of _what?_ The other side of _what?_” thought Alice to
herself.“Of the mushroom,” said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked it
aloud; and in another moment it was out of sight.Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute,
trying to make out which were the two sides of it; and as it was
perfectly round, she found this a very difficult question. However, at
last she stretched her arms round it as far as they would go, and broke
off a bit of the edge with each hand.“And now which is which?” she said to herself, and nibbled a little of
the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment she felt a
violent blow underneath her chin: it had struck her foot!She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt
that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she
set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. Her chin was pressed
so closely against her foot, that there was hardly room to open her
mouth; but she did it at last, and managed to swallow a morsel of the
lefthand bit.
“Come, my head’s free at last!” said Alice in a tone of delight, which
changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders
were nowhere to be found: all she could see, when she looked down, was
an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a
sea of green leaves that lay far below her.“What _can_ all that green stuff be?” said Alice. “And where _have_ my
shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can’t see you?”
She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow,
except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her head,
she tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that
her neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. She
had just succeeded in curving it down into a graceful zigzag, and was
going to dive in among the leaves, which she found to be nothing but
the tops of the trees under which she had been wandering, when a sharp
hiss made her draw back in a hurry: a large pigeon had flown into her
face, and was beating her violently with its wings.“Serpent!” screamed the Pigeon.“I’m _not_ a serpent!” said Alice indignantly. “Let me alone!”“Serpent, I say again!” repeated the Pigeon, but in a more subdued
tone, and added with a kind of sob, “I’ve tried every way, and nothing
seems to suit them!”“I haven’t the least idea what you’re talking about,” said Alice.“I’ve tried the roots of trees, and I’ve tried banks, and I’ve tried
hedges,” the Pigeon went on, without attending to her; “but those
serpents! There’s no pleasing them!”Alice was more and more puzzled, but she thought there was no use in
saying anything more till the Pigeon had finished.“As if it wasn’t trouble enough hatching the eggs,” said the Pigeon;
“but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and day! Why, I
haven’t had a wink of sleep these three weeks!”“I’m very sorry you’ve been annoyed,” said Alice, who was beginning to
see its meaning.“And just as I’d taken the highest tree in the wood,” continued the
Pigeon, raising its voice to a shriek, “and just as I was thinking I
should be free of them at last, they must needs come wriggling down
from the sky! Ugh, Serpent!”“But I’m _not_ a serpent, I tell you!” said Alice. “I’m a—I’m a—”“Well! _What_ are you?” said the Pigeon. “I can see you’re trying to
invent something!”“I—I’m a little girl,” said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered
the number of changes she had gone through that day.“A likely story indeed!” said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest
contempt. “I’ve seen a good many little girls in my time, but never
_one_ with such a neck as that! No, no! You’re a serpent; and there’s
no use denying it. I suppose you’ll be telling me next that you never
tasted an egg!”“I _have_ tasted eggs, certainly,” said Alice, who was a very truthful
child; “but little girls eat eggs quite as much as serpents do, you
know.”“I don’t believe it,” said the Pigeon; “but if they do, why then
they’re a kind of serpent, that’s all I can say.”This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a
minute or two, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of adding, “You’re
looking for eggs, I know _that_ well enough; and what does it matter to
me whether you’re a little girl or a serpent?”“It matters a good deal to _me_,” said Alice hastily; “but I’m not
looking for eggs, as it happens; and if I was, I shouldn’t want
_yours_: I don’t like them raw.”“Well, be off, then!” said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled
down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well
as she could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches,
and every now and then she had to stop and untwist it. After a while
she remembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands,
and she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at
the other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until
she had succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.It was so long since she had been anything near the right size, that it
felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a few minutes,
and began talking to herself, as usual. “Come, there’s half my plan
done now! How puzzling all these changes are! I’m never sure what I’m
going to be, from one minute to another! However, I’ve got back to my
right size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden—how
_is_ that to be done, I wonder?” As she said this, she came suddenly
upon an open place, with a little house in it about four feet high.
“Whoever lives there,” thought Alice, “it’ll never do to come upon them
_this_ size: why, I should frighten them out of their wits!” So she
began nibbling at the righthand bit again, and did not venture to go
near the house till she had brought herself down to nine inches high.",advice caterpillar caterpillar alice look time silence caterpillar take hookah mouth address languid sleepy voice say caterpillar encouraging opening conversation alice reply shyly hardly know sir present know get morning think change time mean say caterpillar sternly explain explain afraid sir say alice say caterpillar afraid clearly alice reply politely understand begin different size day confusing say caterpillar find say alice turn chrysali day know butterfly think feel little queer wo bit say caterpillar feeling different say alice know feel queer say caterpillar contemptuously bring beginning conversation alice feel little irritated caterpillar make short remark draw say gravely think ought tell say caterpillar puzzling question alice think good reason caterpillar unpleasant state mind turn away caterpillar call important sound promise certainly alice turn come temper say caterpillar say alice swallow anger say caterpillar alice think wait tell worth hearing minute puff away speak unfold arm take hookah mouth say think change afraid sir say alice remember thing size minute remember thing say caterpillar try doth little busy bee come different alice reply melancholy voice old father william say caterpillar alice fold hand old father william young man say hair white incessantly stand head think age youth father william reply son fear injure brain perfectly sure old say youth mention grow uncommonly fat turn somersault door pray reason youth say sage shake grey lock keep limb supple use ointment shill box allow sell old say youth jaw weak tough suet finish goose bone beak pray manage youth say father take law argue case wife muscular strength give jaw last rest life old say youth hardly suppose eye steady balance eel end nose awfully answer question say father air think listen day stuff kick stair say right say caterpillar right afraid say alice timidly word get alter wrong begin end say caterpillar decidedly silence minute caterpillar speak size want ask particular size alice hastily reply like change know know say caterpillar alice say contradict life feel lose temper content say caterpillar like little large sir mind say alice inch wretched height good height say caterpillar angrily rear upright speak exactly inch plead poor alice piteous tone think wish creature easily time say caterpillar hookah mouth begin smoke time alice wait patiently choose speak minute caterpillar take hookah mouth yawned twice shake get mushroom crawl away grass merely remark go grow tall grow short think alice mushroom say caterpillar ask aloud moment sight alice remain look thoughtfully mushroom minute try side perfectly round find difficult question stretch arm round far break bit edge hand say nibble little right hand bit try effect moment feel violent blow underneath chin strike good deal frighten sudden change feel time lose shrink rapidly set work eat bit chin press closely foot hardly room open mouth manage swallow morsel lefthand bit come head free say alice tone delight change alarm moment find shoulder find look immense length neck rise like stalk sea green leave lie far green stuff say alice shoulder get oh poor hand move speak result follow little shake distant green leave chance get hand head try head delighted find neck bend easily direction like serpent succeed curve graceful zigzag go dive leave find top tree wander sharp hiss draw hurry large pigeon fly face beat violently wing scream pigeon serpent say alice indignantly let repeat pigeon subdued tone add kind sob try way suit idea talk say alice try root tree try bank try hedge pigeon go attend serpent pleasing puzzled think use say till pigeon finish trouble hatch egg say pigeon look serpent night day wink sleep sorry annoy say alice begin meaning take high tree wood continue pigeon raise voice shriek think free need come wriggle sky ugh serpent tell say alice say pigeon try invent little girl say alice doubtfully remember number change go day likely story say pigeon tone deep contempt see good little girl time neck serpent use deny suppose tell taste taste egg certainly say alice truthful child little girl eat egg serpent know believe say pigeon kind serpent new idea alice silent minute give pigeon opportunity add look egg know matter little girl matter good deal say alice hastily look egg happen want like raw say pigeon sulky tone settle nest alice crouch tree neck keep get entangle branch stop untwist remember hold piece mushroom hand set work carefully nibble grow tall short succeed bring usual height long near right size feel strange get minute begin talk usual come half plan puzzle change sure go minute get right size thing beautiful garden wonder say come suddenly open place little house foot high live think alice come size frighten wit begin nibble righthand bit venture near house till bring inch high
5,Caroll,Alice," VI.
Pig and Pepper
For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what
to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the
wood—(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery:
otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a
fish)—and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles. It was opened by
another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled
all over their heads. She felt very curious to know what it was all
about, and crept a little way out of the wood to listen.The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter,
nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other,
saying, in a solemn tone, “For the Duchess. An invitation from the
Queen to play croquet.” The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn
tone, only changing the order of the words a little, “From the Queen.
An invitation for the Duchess to play croquet.”Then they both bowed low, and their curls got entangled together.Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the wood
for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped out the
Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the ground near the
door, staring stupidly up into the sky.Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.“There’s no sort of use in knocking,” said the Footman, “and that for
two reasons. First, because I’m on the same side of the door as you
are; secondly, because they’re making such a noise inside, no one could
possibly hear you.” And certainly there _was_ a most extraordinary
noise going on within—a constant howling and sneezing, and every now
and then a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to
pieces.“Please, then,” said Alice, “how am I to get in?”“There might be some sense in your knocking,” the Footman went on
without attending to her, “if we had the door between us. For instance,
if you were _inside_, you might knock, and I could let you out, you
know.” He was looking up into the sky all the time he was speaking, and
this Alice thought decidedly uncivil. “But perhaps he can’t help it,”
she said to herself; “his eyes are so _very_ nearly at the top of his
head. But at any rate he might answer questions.—How am I to get in?”
she repeated, aloud.“I shall sit here,” the Footman remarked, “till tomorrow—”At this moment the door of the house opened, and a large plate came
skimming out, straight at the Footman’s head: it just grazed his nose,
and broke to pieces against one of the trees behind him.“—or next day, maybe,” the Footman continued in the same tone, exactly
as if nothing had happened.“How am I to get in?” asked Alice again, in a louder tone.“_Are_ you to get in at all?” said the Footman. “That’s the first
question, you know.”It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like to be told so. “It’s really
dreadful,” she muttered to herself, “the way all the creatures argue.
It’s enough to drive one crazy!”The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his
remark, with variations. “I shall sit here,” he said, “on and off, for
days and days.”“But what am _I_ to do?” said Alice.“Anything you like,” said the Footman, and began whistling.“Oh, there’s no use in talking to him,” said Alice desperately: “he’s
perfectly idiotic!” And she opened the door and went in.The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool
in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire,
stirring a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.“There’s certainly too much pepper in that soup!” Alice said to
herself, as well as she could for sneezing.There was certainly too much of it in the air. Even the Duchess sneezed
occasionally; and as for the baby, it was sneezing and howling
alternately without a moment’s pause. The only things in the kitchen
that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.“Please would you tell me,” said Alice, a little timidly, for she was
not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to speak first, “why
your cat grins like that?”“It’s a Cheshire cat,” said the Duchess, “and that’s why. Pig!”She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite
jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed to the
baby, and not to her, so she took courage, and went on again:—“I didn’t know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, I didn’t
know that cats _could_ grin.”“They all can,” said the Duchess; “and most of ’em do.”“I don’t know of any that do,” Alice said very politely, feeling quite
pleased to have got into a conversation.“You don’t know much,” said the Duchess; “and that’s a fact.”Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought it would
be as well to introduce some other subject of conversation. While she
was trying to fix on one, the cook took the cauldron of soup off the
fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within her reach at
the Duchess and the baby—the fire-irons came first; then followed a
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of
them even when they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already,
that it was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.“Oh, _please_ mind what you’re doing!” cried Alice, jumping up and down
in an agony of terror. “Oh, there goes his _precious_ nose!” as an
unusually large saucepan flew close by it, and very nearly carried it
off.“If everybody minded their own business,” the Duchess said in a hoarse
growl, “the world would go round a deal faster than it does.”“Which would _not_ be an advantage,” said Alice, who felt very glad to
get an opportunity of showing off a little of her knowledge. “Just
think of what work it would make with the day and night! You see the
earth takes twenty-four hours to turn round on its axis—”“Talking of axes,” said the Duchess, “chop off her head!”Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to take
the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to
be listening, so she went on again: “Twenty-four hours, I _think_; or
is it twelve? I—”“Oh, don’t bother _me_,” said the Duchess; “I never could abide
figures!” And with that she began nursing her child again, singing a
sort of lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a violent shake at
the end of every line:“Speak roughly to your little boy,
    And beat him when he sneezes:
He only does it to annoy,
    Because he knows it teases.”
CHORUS.
(In which the cook and the baby joined):
“Wow! wow! wow!”
While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept tossing
the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing howled so,
that Alice could hardly hear the words:—“I speak severely to my boy,
    I beat him when he sneezes;
For he can thoroughly enjoy
    The pepper when he pleases!”
CHORUS.
“Wow! wow! wow!”
“Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!” the Duchess said to Alice,
flinging the baby at her as she spoke. “I must go and get ready to play
croquet with the Queen,” and she hurried out of the room. The cook
threw a frying-pan after her as she went out, but it just missed her.Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shaped
little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all directions,
“just like a star-fish,” thought Alice. The poor little thing was
snorting like a steam-engine when she caught it, and kept doubling
itself up and straightening itself out again, so that altogether, for
the first minute or two, it was as much as she could do to hold it.As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it, (which was to
twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right
ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,) she carried it
out into the open air. “If I don’t take this child away with me,”
thought Alice, “they’re sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn’t it be
murder to leave it behind?” She said the last words out loud, and the
little thing grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).
“Don’t grunt,” said Alice; “that’s not at all a proper way of
expressing yourself.”The baby grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into its face
to see what was the matter with it. There could be no doubt that it had
a _very_ turn-up nose, much more like a snout than a real nose; also
its eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether Alice did
not like the look of the thing at all. “But perhaps it was only
sobbing,” she thought, and looked into its eyes again, to see if there
were any tears.No, there were no tears. “If you’re going to turn into a pig, my dear,”
said Alice, seriously, “I’ll have nothing more to do with you. Mind
now!” The poor little thing sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible
to say which), and they went on for some while in silence.Alice was just beginning to think to herself, “Now, what am I to do
with this creature when I get it home?” when it grunted again, so
violently, that she looked down into its face in some alarm. This time
there could be _no_ mistake about it: it was neither more nor less than
a pig, and she felt that it would be quite absurd for her to carry it
further.So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to see it
trot away quietly into the wood. “If it had grown up,” she said to
herself, “it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes
rather a handsome pig, I think.” And she began thinking over other
children she knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying
to herself, “if one only knew the right way to change them—” when she
was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of
a tree a few yards off.The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice. It looked good-natured, she
thought: still it had _very_ long claws and a great many teeth, so she
felt that it ought to be treated with respect.“Cheshire Puss,” she began, rather timidly, as she did not at all know
whether it would like the name: however, it only grinned a little
wider. “Come, it’s pleased so far,” thought Alice, and she went on.
“Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?”“That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,” said the Cat.“I don’t much care where—” said Alice.“Then it doesn’t matter which way you go,” said the Cat.“—so long as I get _somewhere_,” Alice added as an explanation.“Oh, you’re sure to do that,” said the Cat, “if you only walk long
enough.”Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another
question. “What sort of people live about here?”“In _that_ direction,” the Cat said, waving its right paw round, “lives
a Hatter: and in _that_ direction,” waving the other paw, “lives a
March Hare. Visit either you like: they’re both mad.”“But I don’t want to go among mad people,” Alice remarked.“Oh, you can’t help that,” said the Cat: “we’re all mad here. I’m mad.
You’re mad.”“How do you know I’m mad?” said Alice.“You must be,” said the Cat, “or you wouldn’t have come here.”Alice didn’t think that proved it at all; however, she went on “And how
do you know that you’re mad?”“To begin with,” said the Cat, “a dog’s not mad. You grant that?”“I suppose so,” said Alice.“Well, then,” the Cat went on, “you see, a dog growls when it’s angry,
and wags its tail when it’s pleased. Now _I_ growl when I’m pleased,
and wag my tail when I’m angry. Therefore I’m mad.”“_I_ call it purring, not growling,” said Alice.“Call it what you like,” said the Cat. “Do you play croquet with the
Queen to-day?”“I should like it very much,” said Alice, “but I haven’t been invited
yet.”“You’ll see me there,” said the Cat, and vanished.Alice was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used to queer
things happening. While she was looking at the place where it had been,
it suddenly appeared again.“By-the-bye, what became of the baby?” said the Cat. “I’d nearly
forgotten to ask.”“It turned into a pig,” Alice quietly said, just as if it had come back
in a natural way.“I thought it would,” said the Cat, and vanished again.Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not
appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the direction in
which the March Hare was said to live. “I’ve seen hatters before,” she
said to herself; “the March Hare will be much the most interesting, and
perhaps as this is May it won’t be raving mad—at least not so mad as it
was in March.” As she said this, she looked up, and there was the Cat
again, sitting on a branch of a tree.“Did you say pig, or fig?” said the Cat.“I said pig,” replied Alice; “and I wish you wouldn’t keep appearing
and vanishing so suddenly: you make one quite giddy.”“All right,” said the Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly,
beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin, which
remained some time after the rest of it had gone.“Well! I’ve often seen a cat without a grin,” thought Alice; “but a
grin without a cat! It’s the most curious thing I ever saw in my life!”She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house of
the March Hare: she thought it must be the right house, because the
chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur. It
was so large a house, that she did not like to go nearer till she had
nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom, and raised herself
to about two feet high: even then she walked up towards it rather
timidly, saying to herself “Suppose it should be raving mad after all!
I almost wish I’d gone to see the Hatter instead!”",vi pig pepper minute stand look house wonder suddenly footman livery come run consider footman livery judge face call rap loudly door knuckle open footman livery round face large eye like frog footman alice notice powdered hair curl head feel curious know creep little way wood listen fish footman begin produce arm great letter nearly large hand say solemn tone duchess invitation queen play croquet frog footman repeat solemn tone change order word little queen invitation duchess play croquet bow low curl get entangle alice laugh run wood fear hear peep fish footman go sit ground near door stare stupidly sky alice go timidly door knock sort use knock say footman reason door secondly make noise inside possibly hear certainly extraordinary noise go constant howling sneeze great crash dish kettle break piece say alice sense knocking footman go attend door instance inside knock let know look sky time speak alice think decidedly uncivil help say eye nearly head rate answer repeat aloud shall sit footman remark till moment door house open large plate come skim straight footman head graze nose break piece tree day maybe footman continue tone exactly happen ask alice loud tone say footman question know doubt alice like tell dreadful mutter way creature argue drive footman think good opportunity repeat remark variation shall sit say day day say alice like say footman begin whistle use talk say alice desperately perfectly idiotic open door go door lead right large kitchen smoke end duchess sit legged stool middle nurse baby cook lean fire stir large cauldron soup certainly pepper soup alice say sneeze certainly air duchess sneeze occasionally baby sneeze howl alternately moment pause thing kitchen sneeze cook large cat sit hearth grin ear ear tell say alice little timidly sure good manner speak cat grin like cheshire cat say duchess say word sudden violence alice jump see moment address baby take courage go know cheshire cat grin fact know cat grin say duchess know alice say politely feel pleased get conversation know say duchess fact like tone remark think introduce subject conversation try fix cook take cauldron soup fire set work throw reach duchess baby fire iron come follow shower saucepan plate dish duchess take notice hit baby howl impossible blow hurt mind cry alice jump agony terror oh go precious nose unusually large saucepan fly close nearly carry everybody mind business duchess say hoarse growl world round deal fast advantage say alice feel glad opportunity show little knowledge think work day night earth take hour turn round axis say duchess chop glance anxiously cook mean hint cook busily stir soup listen go hour think bother say duchess abide figure begin nurse child singe sort lullaby give violent shake end roughly little boy beat sneeze annoy know tease chorus cook baby join wow wow wow duchess sing second verse song keep toss baby violently poor little thing howl alice hardly hear speak severely boy beat sneeze thoroughly enjoy pepper please chorus wow wow wow nurse bit like duchess say alice fling baby speak ready play croquet queen hurry room cook throw fry pan go miss alice catch baby difficulty queer shape little creature hold arm leg direction like star fish think alice poor little thing snort like steam engine catch keep double straighten altogether minute hold soon proper way nursing twist sort knot tight hold right ear leave foot prevent undoing carry open air child away think alice sure kill day murder leave say word loud little thing grunt reply leave sneeze time grunt say alice proper way express baby grunt alice look anxiously face matter doubt turn nose like snout real nose eye get extremely small baby altogether alice like look thing sob think look eye tear tear go turn pig dear say alice seriously mind poor little thing sob grunt impossible go silence alice begin think creature home grunt violently look face alarm time mistake pig feel absurd carry set little creature feel relieved trot away quietly wood grow say dreadfully ugly child make handsome pig think begin think child know pig say know right way change little startled see cheshire cat sit bough tree yard cat grin see alice look good natured think long claw great tooth feel ought treat respect puss begin timidly know like grin little wide come pleased far think alice go tell way ought depend good deal want say cat care say alice matter way say cat long alice add explanation sure say cat walk long feel deny try question sort people live direction cat say wave right paw round live hatter direction wave paw live march hare visit like mad want mad people alice remark help say cat mad mad mad know mad say alice say cat come think prove go know begin say cat dog mad grant suppose say alice cat go dog growl angry wag tail pleased growl pleased wag tail angry mad purr growl say alice like say cat play croquet queen like say alice invite say cat vanish alice surprised get queer thing happen look place suddenly appear bye baby say cat nearly forget ask turn pig alice quietly say come natural way think say cat vanish alice wait little half expect appear minute walk direction march hare say live see hatter say march hare interesting wo rave mad mad march say look cat sit branch tree pig fig say cat say pig reply alice wish appear vanish suddenly giddy right say cat time vanish slowly begin end tail end grin remain time rest go see cat grin think alice grin cat curious thing see go far come sight house march hare think right house chimney shape like ear roof thatch fur large house like near till nibble lefthand bit mushroom raise foot high walk timidly say suppose rave mad wish go hatter instead
6,Caroll,Alice," VII.
A Mad Tea-Party
There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the
March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting
between them, fast asleep, and the other two were using it as a
cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. “Very
uncomfortable for the Dormouse,” thought Alice; “only, as it’s asleep,
I suppose it doesn’t mind.”The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at
one corner of it: “No room! No room!” they cried out when they saw
Alice coming. “There’s _plenty_ of room!” said Alice indignantly, and
she sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.“Have some wine,” the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
“I don’t see any wine,” she remarked.“There isn’t any,” said the March Hare.“Then it wasn’t very civil of you to offer it,” said Alice angrily.“It wasn’t very civil of you to sit down without being invited,” said
the March Hare.“I didn’t know it was _your_ table,” said Alice; “it’s laid for a great
many more than three.”“Your hair wants cutting,” said the Hatter. He had been looking at
Alice for some time with great curiosity, and this was his first
speech.“You should learn not to make personal remarks,” Alice said with some
severity; “it’s very rude.”The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all he _said_
was, “Why is a raven like a writing-desk?”“Come, we shall have some fun now!” thought Alice. “I’m glad they’ve
begun asking riddles.—I believe I can guess that,” she added aloud.“Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?” said
the March Hare.“Exactly so,” said Alice.“Then you should say what you mean,” the March Hare went on.“I do,” Alice hastily replied; “at least—at least I mean what I
say—that’s the same thing, you know.”“Not the same thing a bit!” said the Hatter. “You might just as well
say that ‘I see what I eat’ is the same thing as ‘I eat what I see’!”“You might just as well say,” added the March Hare, “that ‘I like what
I get’ is the same thing as ‘I get what I like’!”“You might just as well say,” added the Dormouse, who seemed to be
talking in his sleep, “that ‘I breathe when I sleep’ is the same thing
as ‘I sleep when I breathe’!”“It _is_ the same thing with you,” said the Hatter, and here the
conversation dropped, and the party sat silent for a minute, while
Alice thought over all she could remember about ravens and
writing-desks, which wasn’t much.The Hatter was the first to break the silence. “What day of the month
is it?” he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his
pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it every now and then,
and holding it to his ear.Alice considered a little, and then said “The fourth.”“Two days wrong!” sighed the Hatter. “I told you butter wouldn’t suit
the works!” he added looking angrily at the March Hare.“It was the _best_ butter,” the March Hare meekly replied.“Yes, but some crumbs must have got in as well,” the Hatter grumbled:
“you shouldn’t have put it in with the bread-knife.”The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped
it into his cup of tea, and looked at it again: but he could think of
nothing better to say than his first remark, “It was the _best_ butter,
you know.”Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity. “What a
funny watch!” she remarked. “It tells the day of the month, and doesn’t
tell what o’clock it is!”“Why should it?” muttered the Hatter. “Does _your_ watch tell you what
year it is?”“Of course not,” Alice replied very readily: “but that’s because it
stays the same year for such a long time together.”“Which is just the case with _mine_,” said the Hatter.Alice felt dreadfully puzzled. The Hatter’s remark seemed to have no
sort of meaning in it, and yet it was certainly English. “I don’t quite
understand you,” she said, as politely as she could.“The Dormouse is asleep again,” said the Hatter, and he poured a little
hot tea upon its nose.The Dormouse shook its head impatiently, and said, without opening its
eyes, “Of course, of course; just what I was going to remark myself.”“Have you guessed the riddle yet?” the Hatter said, turning to Alice
again.“No, I give it up,” Alice replied: “what’s the answer?”“I haven’t the slightest idea,” said the Hatter.“Nor I,” said the March Hare.Alice sighed wearily. “I think you might do something better with the
time,” she said, “than waste it in asking riddles that have no
answers.”“If you knew Time as well as I do,” said the Hatter, “you wouldn’t talk
about wasting _it_. It’s _him_.”“I don’t know what you mean,” said Alice.“Of course you don’t!” the Hatter said, tossing his head
contemptuously. “I dare say you never even spoke to Time!”“Perhaps not,” Alice cautiously replied: “but I know I have to beat
time when I learn music.”“Ah! that accounts for it,” said the Hatter. “He won’t stand beating.
Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he’d do almost anything
you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o’clock in
the morning, just time to begin lessons: you’d only have to whisper a
hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one,
time for dinner!”(“I only wish it was,” the March Hare said to itself in a whisper.)“That would be grand, certainly,” said Alice thoughtfully: “but then—I
shouldn’t be hungry for it, you know.”“Not at first, perhaps,” said the Hatter: “but you could keep it to
half-past one as long as you liked.”“Is that the way _you_ manage?” Alice asked.The Hatter shook his head mournfully. “Not I!” he replied. “We
quarrelled last March—just before _he_ went mad, you know—” (pointing
with his tea spoon at the March Hare,) “—it was at the great concert
given by the Queen of Hearts, and I had to sing‘Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
How I wonder what you’re at!’
You know the song, perhaps?”“I’ve heard something like it,” said Alice.“It goes on, you know,” the Hatter continued, “in this way:—‘Up above the world you fly,
Like a tea-tray in the sky.
                    Twinkle, twinkle—’”
Here the Dormouse shook itself, and began singing in its sleep
“_Twinkle, twinkle, twinkle, twinkle_—” and went on so long that they
had to pinch it to make it stop.“Well, I’d hardly finished the first verse,” said the Hatter, “when the
Queen jumped up and bawled out, ‘He’s murdering the time! Off with his
head!’”“How dreadfully savage!” exclaimed Alice.“And ever since that,” the Hatter went on in a mournful tone, “he won’t
do a thing I ask! It’s always six o’clock now.”A bright idea came into Alice’s head. “Is that the reason so many
tea-things are put out here?” she asked.“Yes, that’s it,” said the Hatter with a sigh: “it’s always tea-time,
and we’ve no time to wash the things between whiles.”“Then you keep moving round, I suppose?” said Alice.“Exactly so,” said the Hatter: “as the things get used up.”“But what happens when you come to the beginning again?” Alice ventured
to ask.“Suppose we change the subject,” the March Hare interrupted, yawning.
“I’m getting tired of this. I vote the young lady tells us a story.”“I’m afraid I don’t know one,” said Alice, rather alarmed at the
proposal.“Then the Dormouse shall!” they both cried. “Wake up, Dormouse!” And
they pinched it on both sides at once.The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes. “I wasn’t asleep,” he said in a
hoarse, feeble voice: “I heard every word you fellows were saying.”“Tell us a story!” said the March Hare.“Yes, please do!” pleaded Alice.“And be quick about it,” added the Hatter, “or you’ll be asleep again
before it’s done.”“Once upon a time there were three little sisters,” the Dormouse began
in a great hurry; “and their names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and
they lived at the bottom of a well—”“What did they live on?” said Alice, who always took a great interest
in questions of eating and drinking.“They lived on treacle,” said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or
two.“They couldn’t have done that, you know,” Alice gently remarked;
“they’d have been ill.”“So they were,” said the Dormouse; “_very_ ill.”Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways of
living would be like, but it puzzled her too much, so she went on: “But
why did they live at the bottom of a well?”“Take some more tea,” the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.“I’ve had nothing yet,” Alice replied in an offended tone, “so I can’t
take more.”“You mean you can’t take _less_,” said the Hatter: “it’s very easy to
take _more_ than nothing.”“Nobody asked _your_ opinion,” said Alice.“Who’s making personal remarks now?” the Hatter asked triumphantly.Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so she helped herself to
some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to the Dormouse, and
repeated her question. “Why did they live at the bottom of a well?”The Dormouse again took a minute or two to think about it, and then
said, “It was a treacle-well.”“There’s no such thing!” Alice was beginning very angrily, but the
Hatter and the March Hare went “Sh! sh!” and the Dormouse sulkily
remarked, “If you can’t be civil, you’d better finish the story for
yourself.”“No, please go on!” Alice said very humbly; “I won’t interrupt again. I
dare say there may be _one_.”“One, indeed!” said the Dormouse indignantly. However, he consented to
go on. “And so these three little sisters—they were learning to draw,
you know—”“What did they draw?” said Alice, quite forgetting her promise.“Treacle,” said the Dormouse, without considering at all this time.“I want a clean cup,” interrupted the Hatter: “let’s all move one place
on.”He moved on as he spoke, and the Dormouse followed him: the March Hare
moved into the Dormouse’s place, and Alice rather unwillingly took the
place of the March Hare. The Hatter was the only one who got any
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began very
cautiously: “But I don’t understand. Where did they draw the treacle
from?”“You can draw water out of a water-well,” said the Hatter; “so I should
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well—eh, stupid?”“But they were _in_ the well,” Alice said to the Dormouse, not choosing
to notice this last remark.“Of course they were,” said the Dormouse; “—well in.”This answer so confused poor Alice, that she let the Dormouse go on for
some time without interrupting it.“They were learning to draw,” the Dormouse went on, yawning and rubbing
its eyes, for it was getting very sleepy; “and they drew all manner of
things—everything that begins with an M—”“Why with an M?” said Alice.“Why not?” said the March Hare.Alice was silent.The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, and was going off into a
doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter, it woke up again with a
little shriek, and went on: “—that begins with an M, such as
mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness—you know you say
things are “much of a muchness”—did you ever see such a thing as a
drawing of a muchness?”“Really, now you ask me,” said Alice, very much confused, “I don’t
think—”“Then you shouldn’t talk,” said the Hatter.This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in
great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and
neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she
looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her:
the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into
the teapot.“At any rate I’ll never go _there_ again!” said Alice as she picked her
way through the wood. “It’s the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in
all my life!”Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door
leading right into it. “That’s very curious!” she thought. “But
everything’s curious today. I think I may as well go in at once.” And
in she went.Once more she found herself in the long hall, and close to the little
glass table. “Now, I’ll manage better this time,” she said to herself,
and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that
led into the garden. Then she went to work nibbling at the mushroom
(she had kept a piece of it in her pocket) till she was about a foot
high: then she walked down the little passage: and _then_—she found
herself at last in the beautiful garden, among the bright flower-beds
and the cool fountains.",vii mad tea party table set tree house march hare hatter have tea dormouse sit fast asleep cushion rest elbow talk head uncomfortable dormouse think alice asleep suppose mind table large crowd corner room room cry see alice come plenty room say alice indignantly sit large arm chair end table wine march hare say encouraging tone alice look round table tea wine remark say march hare civil offer say alice angrily civil sit invite say march hare know table say alice lay great hair want cutting say hatter look alice time great curiosity speech learn personal remark alice say severity rude hatter open eye wide hear say raven like writing shall fun think alice glad begin ask believe guess add aloud mean think find answer say march hare say alice mean march hare go alice hastily reply mean thing know thing bit say hatter eat thing eat add march hare like thing add dormouse talk sleep breathe sleep thing sleep thing say hatter conversation drop party sit silent minute alice think remember raven writing desk hatter break silence day month say turn alice take watch pocket look uneasily shake hold ear alice consider little say fourth day wrong sigh hatter tell butter suit work add look angrily march hare good butter march hare meekly reply crumb get hatter grumble bread knife march hare take watch look gloomily dip cup tea look think well remark good butter know look shoulder curiosity funny watch remark tell day month tell mutter hatter watch tell year course alice reply readily stay year long time case say hatter alice feel dreadfully puzzle hatter remark sort meaning certainly english understand say politely dormouse asleep say hatter pour little hot tea nose dormouse shake head impatiently say open eye course course go remark guess riddle hatter say turn alice alice reply slight idea say hatter say march hare alice sigh wearily think well time say waste ask riddle answer know time say hatter talk waste know mean say alice course hatter say toss head contemptuously dare speak alice cautiously reply know beat time learn music account say hatter wo stand beat keep good term like clock instance suppose morning time begin lesson whisper hint time round go clock twinkling half past time wish march hare say grand certainly say alice thoughtfully hungry know say hatter half past long like way manage alice ask hatter shake head mournfully reply quarrel march go mad know point tea spoon march hare great concert give queen hearts twinkle little bat wonder know song hear like say alice go know hatter continue world fly like tea tray sky twinkle twinkle dormouse shake begin singe sleep twinkle twinkle twinkle twinkle go long pinch stop hardly finish verse say hatter queen jump bawl murder time dreadfully savage exclaim alice hatter go mournful tone wo thing ask bright idea come alice head reason tea thing ask say hatter sigh tea time time wash thing while move round suppose say alice say hatter thing happen come beginning alice venture ask change subject march hare interrupt yawn get tired vote young lady tell story afraid know say alice alarm proposal dormouse shall cry wake dormouse pinch side dormouse slowly open eye asleep say hoarse feeble voice hear word fellow say story say march hare plead alice quick add hatter asleep time little sister dormouse begin great hurry name elsie lacie tillie live live say alice take great interest question eat drinking live treacle say dormouse think minute know alice gently remark ill say dormouse ill try fancy extraordinary way living like puzzle go live tea march hare say alice earnestly alice reply offended tone mean say hatter easy ask opinion say alice make personal remark hatter ask triumphantly alice know help tea bread butter turn dormouse repeat question live dormouse take minute think say treacle thing alice begin angrily hatter march hare go sh sh dormouse sulkily remark civil well finish story alice say humbly wo interrupt dare say dormouse indignantly consent little sister learn draw draw say alice forget promise say dormouse consider time want clean cup interrupt hatter let place move speak dormouse follow march hare move dormouse place alice unwillingly take place march hare hatter get advantage change alice good deal worse march hare upset milk jug plate alice wish offend dormouse begin cautiously understand draw treacle draw water water say hatter think draw treacle treacle eh alice say dormouse choose notice remark course say dormouse answer confused poor alice let dormouse time interrupt learn draw dormouse go yawn rub eye get sleepy draw manner thing begin m say alice say march hare alice silent dormouse close eye time go doze pinch hatter wake little shriek go begin m mouse trap moon memory muchness know thing thing drawing ask say alice confused talk say hatter piece rudeness alice bear get great disgust walk dormouse fall asleep instantly take notice go look twice half hope time see try dormouse teapot rate say alice pick way wood stupid tea party say notice tree door lead right curious think curious today think go find long hall close little glass table manage well time say begin take little golden key unlock door lead garden go work nibble mushroom keep piece pocket till foot high walk little passage find beautiful garden bright flower bed cool fountain
7,Caroll,Alice," VIII.
The Queen’s Croquet-Ground
A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses
growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily
painting them red. Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she
went nearer to watch them, and just as she came up to them she heard
one of them say, “Look out now, Five! Don’t go splashing paint over me
like that!”“I couldn’t help it,” said Five, in a sulky tone; “Seven jogged my
elbow.”On which Seven looked up and said, “That’s right, Five! Always lay the
blame on others!”“_You’d_ better not talk!” said Five. “I heard the Queen say only
yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!”“What for?” said the one who had spoken first.“That’s none of _your_ business, Two!” said Seven.“Yes, it _is_ his business!” said Five, “and I’ll tell him—it was for
bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.”Seven flung down his brush, and had just begun “Well, of all the unjust
things—” when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as she stood watching
them, and he checked himself suddenly: the others looked round also,
and all of them bowed low.“Would you tell me,” said Alice, a little timidly, “why you are
painting those roses?”Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two. Two began in a low
voice, “Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a
_red_ rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen
was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know. So
you see, Miss, we’re doing our best, afore she comes, to—” At this
moment Five, who had been anxiously looking across the garden, called
out “The Queen! The Queen!” and the three gardeners instantly threw
themselves flat upon their faces. There was a sound of many footsteps,
and Alice looked round, eager to see the Queen.First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped like the
three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and feet at the
corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over with
diamonds, and walked two and two, as the soldiers did. After these came
the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came
jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: they were all
ornamented with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens,
and among them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a
hurried nervous manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went
by without noticing her. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying
the King’s crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this
grand procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her face
like the three gardeners, but she could not remember ever having heard
of such a rule at processions; “and besides, what would be the use of a
procession,” thought she, “if people had all to lie down upon their
faces, so that they couldn’t see it?” So she stood still where she was,
and waited.When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
at her, and the Queen said severely “Who is this?” She said it to the
Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.“Idiot!” said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to
Alice, she went on, “What’s your name, child?”“My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,” said Alice very politely;
but she added, to herself, “Why, they’re only a pack of cards, after
all. I needn’t be afraid of them!”“And who are _these?_” said the Queen, pointing to the three gardeners
who were lying round the rose-tree; for, you see, as they were lying on
their faces, and the pattern on their backs was the same as the rest of
the pack, she could not tell whether they were gardeners, or soldiers,
or courtiers, or three of her own children.“How should _I_ know?” said Alice, surprised at her own courage. “It’s
no business of _mine_.”The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a
moment like a wild beast, screamed “Off with her head! Off—”“Nonsense!” said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
silent.The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said “Consider, my
dear: she is only a child!”The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave “Turn
them over!”The Knave did so, very carefully, with one foot.“Get up!” said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the three
gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the King, the Queen,
the royal children, and everybody else.“Leave off that!” screamed the Queen. “You make me giddy.” And then,
turning to the rose-tree, she went on, “What _have_ you been doing
here?”“May it please your Majesty,” said Two, in a very humble tone, going
down on one knee as he spoke, “we were trying—”“_I_ see!” said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the roses.
“Off with their heads!” and the procession moved on, three of the
soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate gardeners, who ran
to Alice for protection.“You shan’t be beheaded!” said Alice, and she put them into a large
flower-pot that stood near. The three soldiers wandered about for a
minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly marched off after the
others.“Are their heads off?” shouted the Queen.“Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!” the soldiers shouted
in reply.“That’s right!” shouted the Queen. “Can you play croquet?”The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
evidently meant for her.“Yes!” shouted Alice.“Come on, then!” roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession,
wondering very much what would happen next.“It’s—it’s a very fine day!” said a timid voice at her side. She was
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.“Very,” said Alice: “—where’s the Duchess?”“Hush! Hush!” said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone. He looked
anxiously over his shoulder as he spoke, and then raised himself upon
tiptoe, put his mouth close to her ear, and whispered “She’s under
sentence of execution.”“What for?” said Alice.“Did you say ‘What a pity!’?” the Rabbit asked.“No, I didn’t,” said Alice: “I don’t think it’s at all a pity. I said
‘What for?’”“She boxed the Queen’s ears—” the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
scream of laughter. “Oh, hush!” the Rabbit whispered in a frightened
tone. “The Queen will hear you! You see, she came rather late, and the
Queen said—”“Get to your places!” shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, and
people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each
other; however, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
began. Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground
in her life; it was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live
hedgehogs, the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double
themselves up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo:
she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough,
under her arm, with its legs hanging down, but generally, just as she
had got its neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the
hedgehog a blow with its head, it _would_ twist itself round and look
up in her face, with such a puzzled expression that she could not help
bursting out laughing: and when she had got its head down, and was
going to begin again, it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog
had unrolled itself, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all
this, there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she
wanted to send the hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers were
always getting up and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice
soon came to the conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed.The players all played at once without waiting for turns, quarrelling
all the while, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in a very short time
the Queen was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
shouting “Off with his head!” or “Off with her head!” about once in a
minute.Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had any
dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might happen any minute,
“and then,” thought she, “what would become of me? They’re dreadfully
fond of beheading people here; the great wonder is, that there’s any
one left alive!”She was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering whether she
could get away without being seen, when she noticed a curious
appearance in the air: it puzzled her very much at first, but, after
watching it a minute or two, she made it out to be a grin, and she said
to herself “It’s the Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk
to.”“How are you getting on?” said the Cat, as soon as there was mouth
enough for it to speak with.Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. “It’s no use
speaking to it,” she thought, “till its ears have come, or at least one
of them.” In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put
down her flamingo, and began an account of the game, feeling very glad
she had someone to listen to her. The Cat seemed to think that there
was enough of it now in sight, and no more of it appeared.“I don’t think they play at all fairly,” Alice began, in rather a
complaining tone, “and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can’t hear
oneself speak—and they don’t seem to have any rules in particular; at
least, if there are, nobody attends to them—and you’ve no idea how
confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there’s the
arch I’ve got to go through next walking about at the other end of the
ground—and I should have croqueted the Queen’s hedgehog just now, only
it ran away when it saw mine coming!”“How do you like the Queen?” said the Cat in a low voice.“Not at all,” said Alice: “she’s so extremely—” Just then she noticed
that the Queen was close behind her, listening: so she went on,
“—likely to win, that it’s hardly worth while finishing the game.”The Queen smiled and passed on.“Who _are_ you talking to?” said the King, going up to Alice, and
looking at the Cat’s head with great curiosity.“It’s a friend of mine—a Cheshire Cat,” said Alice: “allow me to
introduce it.”“I don’t like the look of it at all,” said the King: “however, it may
kiss my hand if it likes.”“I’d rather not,” the Cat remarked.“Don’t be impertinent,” said the King, “and don’t look at me like
that!” He got behind Alice as he spoke.“A cat may look at a king,” said Alice. “I’ve read that in some book,
but I don’t remember where.”“Well, it must be removed,” said the King very decidedly, and he called
the Queen, who was passing at the moment, “My dear! I wish you would
have this cat removed!”The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or
small. “Off with his head!” she said, without even looking round.“I’ll fetch the executioner myself,” said the King eagerly, and he
hurried off.Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game was going
on, as she heard the Queen’s voice in the distance, screaming with
passion. She had already heard her sentence three of the players to be
executed for having missed their turns, and she did not like the look
of things at all, as the game was in such confusion that she never knew
whether it was her turn or not. So she went in search of her hedgehog.The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
other: the only difficulty was, that her flamingo was gone across to
the other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a
helpless sort of way to fly up into a tree.By the time she had caught the flamingo and brought it back, the fight
was over, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight: “but it doesn’t
matter much,” thought Alice, “as all the arches are gone from this side
of the ground.” So she tucked it away under her arm, that it might not
escape again, and went back for a little more conversation with her
friend.When she got back to the Cheshire Cat, she was surprised to find quite
a large crowd collected round it: there was a dispute going on between
the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who were all talking at once,
while all the rest were quite silent, and looked very uncomfortable.The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to settle
the question, and they repeated their arguments to her, though, as they
all spoke at once, she found it very hard indeed to make out exactly
what they said.The executioner’s argument was, that you couldn’t cut off a head unless
there was a body to cut it off from: that he had never had to do such a
thing before, and he wasn’t going to begin at _his_ time of life.The King’s argument was, that anything that had a head could be
beheaded, and that you weren’t to talk nonsense.The Queen’s argument was, that if something wasn’t done about it in
less than no time she’d have everybody executed, all round. (It was
this last remark that had made the whole party look so grave and
anxious.)Alice could think of nothing else to say but “It belongs to the
Duchess: you’d better ask _her_ about it.”“She’s in prison,” the Queen said to the executioner: “fetch her here.”
And the executioner went off like an arrow.The Cat’s head began fading away the moment he was gone, and, by the
time he had come back with the Duchess, it had entirely disappeared; so
the King and the executioner ran wildly up and down looking for it,
while the rest of the party went back to the game.",viii queen croquet ground large rose tree stand near entrance garden rose grow white gardener busily paint red alice think curious thing go near watch come hear look splashing paint like help say sulky tone seven jog elbow seven look say right lay blame well talk say hear queen yesterday deserve say speak business say seven business say tell bring cook tulip root instead onion fling brush begin unjust thing eye chance fall alice stand watch check suddenly look round bow low tell say alice little timidly paint seven say look begin low voice fact miss ought red rose tree white mistake queen find head cut know miss good afore come moment anxiously look garden call queen queen gardener instantly throw flat face sound footstep alice look round eager queen come soldier carry club shape like gardener oblong flat hand foot corner courtier ornament diamond walk soldier come royal child little dear come jump merrily hand hand couple ornament heart come guest king queens alice recognise white rabbit talk hurried nervous manner smile say go notice follow knave hearts carry king crown crimson velvet cushion grand procession come king queen doubtful ought lie face like gardener remember have hear rule procession use procession think people lie face stand wait procession come opposite alice stop look queen say severely say knave hearts bow smile reply say queen toss head impatiently turn alice go alice majesty say alice politely add pack card need afraid say queen point gardener lie round rose tree lie face pattern back rest pack tell gardener soldier courtier child know say alice surprised courage business queen turn crimson fury glare moment like wild beast scream head say alice loudly decidedly queen silent king lay hand arm timidly say consider dear queen turn angrily away say knave turn knave carefully foot say queen shrill loud voice gardener instantly jump begin bow king queen royal child everybody scream queen giddy turn rose tree go majesty say humble tone go knee speak say queen examine rose head procession move soldier remain execute unfortunate gardener run alice protection sha behead say alice large flower pot stand near soldier wander minute look quietly march head shout queen head go majesty soldier shout reply right shout queen play soldier silent look alice question evidently mean shout alice roar queen alice join procession wonder happen fine day say timid voice walk white rabbit peep anxiously face say alice hush say rabbit low hurried tone look anxiously shoulder speak raise tiptoe mouth close ear whisper sentence execution say alice pity rabbit ask say alice think pity say box queen ear rabbit begin alice give little scream laughter oh hush rabbit whisper frightened tone queen hear come late queen place shout queen voice thunder people begin run direction tumble get settle minute game begin alice think see curious croquet ground life ridge furrow ball live hedgehog mallet live flamingo soldier double stand hand foot arch chief difficulty alice find manage flamingo succeed get body tuck away comfortably arm leg hang generally get neck nicely straighten go hedgehog blow head twist round look face puzzled expression help burst laugh get head go begin provoking find hedgehog unroll act crawl away generally ridge furrow way want send hedgehog double soldier get walk part ground alice soon come conclusion difficult game player play wait turn quarrel fight hedgehog short time queen furious passion go stamp shout head head minute alice begin feel uneasy sure dispute queen know happen minute think dreadfully fond behead people great wonder leave look way escape wonder away see notice curious appearance air puzzle watch minute grin say cheshire cat shall somebody talk get say cat soon mouth speak alice wait till eye appear nod use speak think till ear come minute head appear alice flamingo begin account game feel glad listen cat think sight appear think play fairly alice begin complain tone quarrel dreadfully hear oneself speak rule particular attend idea confuse thing alive instance arch get walk end ground croquet queen hedgehog run away see like queen say cat low voice say alice extremely notice queen close listen go likely win hardly worth finish game queen smile pass talk say king go alice look cat head great curiosity friend cheshire cat say alice allow introduce like look say king kiss hand like cat remark impertinent say king look like get alice speak cat look king say alice read book remember remove say king decidedly call queen pass moment dear wish cat queen way settle difficulty great small head say look round fetch executioner say king eagerly hurry alice think game go hear queen voice distance scream passion hear sentence player execute have miss turn like look thing game confusion know turn go search hedgehog hedgehog engage fight hedgehog alice excellent opportunity croquet difficulty flamingo go garden alice try helpless sort way fly tree time catch flamingo bring fight hedgehog sight matter think alice arch go ground tuck away arm escape go little conversation friend get cheshire cat surprised find large crowd collect round dispute go executioner king queen talk rest silent look uncomfortable moment alice appear appeal settle question repeat argument speak find hard exactly say executioner argument cut head body cut thing go begin time life king argument head behead talk nonsense queen argument time everybody execute round remark party look grave think belong duchess well ask prison queen say executioner fetch executioner go like arrow cat head begin fade away moment go time come duchess entirely disappear king executioner run wildly look rest party go game
8,Caroll,Alice," IX.
The Mock Turtle’s Story
“You can’t think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old thing!”
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice’s,
and they walked off together.Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and thought
to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had made her so
savage when they met in the kitchen.“When _I’m_ a Duchess,” she said to herself, (not in a very hopeful
tone though), “I won’t have any pepper in my kitchen _at all_. Soup
does very well without—Maybe it’s always pepper that makes people
hot-tempered,” she went on, very much pleased at having found out a new
kind of rule, “and vinegar that makes them sour—and camomile that makes
them bitter—and—and barley-sugar and such things that make children
sweet-tempered. I only wish people knew _that_: then they wouldn’t be
so stingy about it, you know—”She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a little
startled when she heard her voice close to her ear. “You’re thinking
about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk. I can’t
tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in
a bit.”“Perhaps it hasn’t one,” Alice ventured to remark.“Tut, tut, child!” said the Duchess. “Everything’s got a moral, if only
you can find it.” And she squeezed herself up closer to Alice’s side as
she spoke.Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the
Duchess was _very_ ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the
right height to rest her chin upon Alice’s shoulder, and it was an
uncomfortably sharp chin. However, she did not like to be rude, so she
bore it as well as she could.“The game’s going on rather better now,” she said, by way of keeping up
the conversation a little.“’Tis so,” said the Duchess: “and the moral of that is—‘Oh, ’tis love,
’tis love, that makes the world go round!’”“Somebody said,” Alice whispered, “that it’s done by everybody minding
their own business!”“Ah, well! It means much the same thing,” said the Duchess, digging her
sharp little chin into Alice’s shoulder as she added, “and the moral of
_that_ is—‘Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of
themselves.’”“How fond she is of finding morals in things!” Alice thought to
herself.“I dare say you’re wondering why I don’t put my arm round your waist,”
the Duchess said after a pause: “the reason is, that I’m doubtful about
the temper of your flamingo. Shall I try the experiment?”“He might bite,” Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious
to have the experiment tried.“Very true,” said the Duchess: “flamingoes and mustard both bite. And
the moral of that is—‘Birds of a feather flock together.’”“Only mustard isn’t a bird,” Alice remarked.“Right, as usual,” said the Duchess: “what a clear way you have of
putting things!”“It’s a mineral, I _think_,” said Alice.“Of course it is,” said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to
everything that Alice said; “there’s a large mustard-mine near here.
And the moral of that is—‘The more there is of mine, the less there is
of yours.’”“Oh, I know!” exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last
remark, “it’s a vegetable. It doesn’t look like one, but it is.”“I quite agree with you,” said the Duchess; “and the moral of that
is—‘Be what you would seem to be’—or if you’d like it put more
simply—‘Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might
appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be
otherwise.’”“I think I should understand that better,” Alice said very politely,
“if I had it written down: but I can’t quite follow it as you say it.”“That’s nothing to what I could say if I chose,” the Duchess replied,
in a pleased tone.“Pray don’t trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,” said
Alice.“Oh, don’t talk about trouble!” said the Duchess. “I make you a present
of everything I’ve said as yet.”“A cheap sort of present!” thought Alice. “I’m glad they don’t give
birthday presents like that!” But she did not venture to say it out
loud.“Thinking again?” the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp
little chin.“I’ve a right to think,” said Alice sharply, for she was beginning to
feel a little worried.“Just about as much right,” said the Duchess, “as pigs have to fly; and
the m—”But here, to Alice’s great surprise, the Duchess’s voice died away,
even in the middle of her favourite word ‘moral,’ and the arm that was
linked into hers began to tremble. Alice looked up, and there stood the
Queen in front of them, with her arms folded, frowning like a
thunderstorm.“A fine day, your Majesty!” the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.“Now, I give you fair warning,” shouted the Queen, stamping on the
ground as she spoke; “either you or your head must be off, and that in
about half no time! Take your choice!”The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.“Let’s go on with the game,” the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was too
much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to the
croquet-ground.The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen’s absence, and were
resting in the shade: however, the moment they saw her, they hurried
back to the game, the Queen merely remarking that a moment’s delay
would cost them their lives.All the time they were playing the Queen never left off quarrelling
with the other players, and shouting “Off with his head!” or “Off with
her head!” Those whom she sentenced were taken into custody by the
soldiers, who of course had to leave off being arches to do this, so
that by the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and
all the players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody
and under sentence of execution.Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, “Have
you seen the Mock Turtle yet?”“No,” said Alice. “I don’t even know what a Mock Turtle is.”“It’s the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,” said the Queen.“I never saw one, or heard of one,” said Alice.“Come on, then,” said the Queen, “and he shall tell you his history,”As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice,
to the company generally, “You are all pardoned.” “Come, _that’s_ a
good thing!” she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the
number of executions the Queen had ordered.They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun. (If
you don’t know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture.) “Up, lazy
thing!” said the Queen, “and take this young lady to see the Mock
Turtle, and to hear his history. I must go back and see after some
executions I have ordered;” and she walked off, leaving Alice alone
with the Gryphon. Alice did not quite like the look of the creature,
but on the whole she thought it would be quite as safe to stay with it
as to go after that savage Queen: so she waited.The Gryphon sat up and rubbed its eyes: then it watched the Queen till
she was out of sight: then it chuckled. “What fun!” said the Gryphon,
half to itself, half to Alice.“What _is_ the fun?” said Alice.“Why, _she_,” said the Gryphon. “It’s all her fancy, that: they never
executes nobody, you know. Come on!”“Everybody says ‘come on!’ here,” thought Alice, as she went slowly
after it: “I never was so ordered about in all my life, never!”They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance,
sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
pitied him deeply. “What is his sorrow?” she asked the Gryphon, and the
Gryphon answered, very nearly in the same words as before, “It’s all
his fancy, that: he hasn’t got no sorrow, you know. Come on!”So they went up to the Mock Turtle, who looked at them with large eyes
full of tears, but said nothing.“This here young lady,” said the Gryphon, “she wants for to know your
history, she do.”“I’ll tell it her,” said the Mock Turtle in a deep, hollow tone: “sit
down, both of you, and don’t speak a word till I’ve finished.”So they sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes. Alice thought to
herself, “I don’t see how he can _ever_ finish, if he doesn’t begin.”
But she waited patiently.“Once,” said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, “I was a real
Turtle.”These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only by an
occasional exclamation of “Hjckrrh!” from the Gryphon, and the constant
heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle. Alice was very nearly getting up and
saying, “Thank you, sir, for your interesting story,” but she could not
help thinking there _must_ be more to come, so she sat still and said
nothing.“When we were little,” the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly,
though still sobbing a little now and then, “we went to school in the
sea. The master was an old Turtle—we used to call him Tortoise—”“Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn’t one?” Alice asked.“We called him Tortoise because he taught us,” said the Mock Turtle
angrily: “really you are very dull!”“You ought to be ashamed of yourself for asking such a simple
question,” added the Gryphon; and then they both sat silent and looked
at poor Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth. At last the
Gryphon said to the Mock Turtle, “Drive on, old fellow! Don’t be all
day about it!” and he went on in these words:“Yes, we went to school in the sea, though you mayn’t believe it—”“I never said I didn’t!” interrupted Alice.“You did,” said the Mock Turtle.“Hold your tongue!” added the Gryphon, before Alice could speak again.
The Mock Turtle went on.“We had the best of educations—in fact, we went to school every day—”“_I’ve_ been to a day-school, too,” said Alice; “you needn’t be so
proud as all that.”“With extras?” asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously.“Yes,” said Alice, “we learned French and music.”“And washing?” said the Mock Turtle.“Certainly not!” said Alice indignantly.“Ah! then yours wasn’t a really good school,” said the Mock Turtle in a
tone of great relief. “Now at _ours_ they had at the end of the bill,
‘French, music, _and washing_—extra.’”“You couldn’t have wanted it much,” said Alice; “living at the bottom
of the sea.”“I couldn’t afford to learn it.” said the Mock Turtle with a sigh. “I
only took the regular course.”“What was that?” inquired Alice.“Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with,” the Mock Turtle
replied; “and then the different branches of Arithmetic—Ambition,
Distraction, Uglification, and Derision.”“I never heard of ‘Uglification,’” Alice ventured to say. “What is it?”The Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise. “What! Never heard of
uglifying!” it exclaimed. “You know what to beautify is, I suppose?”“Yes,” said Alice doubtfully: “it means—to—make—anything—prettier.”“Well, then,” the Gryphon went on, “if you don’t know what to uglify
is, you _are_ a simpleton.”Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so
she turned to the Mock Turtle, and said “What else had you to learn?”“Well, there was Mystery,” the Mock Turtle replied, counting off the
subjects on his flappers, “—Mystery, ancient and modern, with
Seaography: then Drawling—the Drawling-master was an old conger-eel,
that used to come once a week: _he_ taught us Drawling, Stretching, and
Fainting in Coils.”“What was _that_ like?” said Alice.“Well, I can’t show it you myself,” the Mock Turtle said: “I’m too
stiff. And the Gryphon never learnt it.”“Hadn’t time,” said the Gryphon: “I went to the Classics master,
though. He was an old crab, _he_ was.”“I never went to him,” the Mock Turtle said with a sigh: “he taught
Laughing and Grief, they used to say.”“So he did, so he did,” said the Gryphon, sighing in his turn; and both
creatures hid their faces in their paws.“And how many hours a day did you do lessons?” said Alice, in a hurry
to change the subject.“Ten hours the first day,” said the Mock Turtle: “nine the next, and so
on.”“What a curious plan!” exclaimed Alice.“That’s the reason they’re called lessons,” the Gryphon remarked:
“because they lessen from day to day.”This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a little
before she made her next remark. “Then the eleventh day must have been
a holiday?”“Of course it was,” said the Mock Turtle.“And how did you manage on the twelfth?” Alice went on eagerly.“That’s enough about lessons,” the Gryphon interrupted in a very
decided tone: “tell her something about the games now.”",ix mock turtle story think glad dear old thing say duchess tuck arm affectionately alice walk alice glad find pleasant temper think pepper savage meet kitchen duchess say hopeful tone wo pepper kitchen soup maybe pepper make people hot temper go pleased have find new kind rule vinegar make sour camomile make bitter barley sugar thing child sweet temper wish people know stingy forget duchess time little startled hear voice close ear think dear make forget talk tell moral shall remember bit alice venture remark tut child say duchess get moral find squeeze close alice speak alice like keep close duchess ugly secondly exactly right height rest chin alice shoulder uncomfortably sharp chin like rude bear game go well say way keep conversation little say duchess moral tis love tis love make world say alice whisper everybody mind mean thing say duchess dig sharp little chin alice shoulder add moral care sense sound care fond find moral thing alice think dare wonder arm round waist duchess say pause reason doubtful temper flamingo shall try bite alice cautiously reply feel anxious experiment try true say duchess flamingo mustard bite moral feather flock mustard bird alice remark usual say duchess clear way put mineral think say alice course say duchess ready agree alice say large mustard near moral know exclaim alice attend remark vegetable look like agree say duchess moral like imagine appear appear think understand well alice say politely write follow choose duchess reply pleased tone trouble long say alice talk trouble say duchess present say cheap sort present think alice glad birthday present like venture loud duchess ask dig sharp little chin right think say alice sharply begin feel little worried right say duchess pig fly alice great surprise duchess voice die away middle favourite word moral arm link begin tremble alice look stand queen arm fold frown like thunderstorm fine day majesty duchess begin low weak voice fair warning shout queen stamp ground speak head half time duchess take choice go moment game queen say alice alice frightened word slowly follow croquet ground guest take advantage queen absence rest shade moment see hurry game queen merely remark moment delay cost life time play queen leave quarrel player shout head head sentence take custody soldier course leave arch end half hour arch leave player king queen alice custody sentence execution queen leave breath say alice see mock turtle say alice know mock turtle thing mock turtle soup say queen see hear say alice say queen shall tell walk alice hear king low voice company generally pardon come good thing say feel unhappy number execution queen order soon come gryphon lie fast asleep sun know gryphon look picture lazy thing say queen young lady mock turtle hear history execution order walk leave alice gryphon alice like look creature think safe stay savage queen wait gryphon sit rub eye watch queen till sight chuckle fun say gryphon half half alice fun say alice say gryphon fancy execute know come say come think alice go slowly order life go far see mock turtle distance sit sad lonely little ledge rock come near alice hear sigh heart break pity deeply sorrow ask gryphon gryphon answer nearly word fancy get sorrow know come go mock turtle look large eye tear say young lady say gryphon want know history tell say mock turtle deep hollow tone sit speak word till finish sit speak minute alice think finish begin wait patiently say mock turtle deep sigh real turtle word follow long silence break occasional exclamation hjckrrh gryphon constant heavy sobbing mock turtle alice nearly get say thank sir interesting story help think come sit say little mock turtle go calmly sob little go school sea master old turtle tortoise alice ask call tortoise teach say mock turtle angrily ought ashamed ask simple question add gryphon sit silent look poor alice feel ready sink earth gryphon say mock turtle drive old fellow day go go school sea believe say interrupt alice say mock turtle tongue add gryphon alice speak mock turtle go good education fact go school day school say alice need proud extras ask mock turtle little anxiously say alice learn french music washing say mock turtle say alice indignantly good school say mock turtle tone great relief end bill french music want say alice live sea afford learn say mock turtle sigh take regular course inquire alice writhing course begin mock turtle reply different branch arithmetic ambition distraction uglification derision hear uglification alice venture gryphon lift paw surprise hear uglifying exclaim know beautify say alice doubtfully mean pretty gryphon go know uglify simpleton feel encouraged ask question turn mock turtle say mystery mock turtle reply count subject flapper mystery ancient modern seaography drawl drawling master old conger eel come week teach drawling stretching fainting coils like say alice mock turtle say stiff gryphon learn time say gryphon go classics master old crab go mock turtle say sigh teach laughing grief say gryphon sigh turn creature hide face paw hour day lesson say alice hurry change subject hour day say mock turtle curious plan exclaim alice reason call lesson gryphon remark lessen day day new idea alice think little remark eleventh day course say mock turtle manage twelfth alice go eagerly lesson gryphon interrupt decide tone tell game
9,Caroll,Alice," X.
The Lobster Quadrille
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
two sobs choked his voice. “Same as if he had a bone in his throat,”
said the Gryphon: and it set to work shaking him and punching him in
the back. At last the Mock Turtle recovered his voice, and, with tears
running down his cheeks, he went on again:—“You may not have lived much under the sea—” (“I haven’t,” said
Alice)—“and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster—”
(Alice began to say “I once tasted—” but checked herself hastily, and
said “No, never”) “—so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a
Lobster Quadrille is!”“No, indeed,” said Alice. “What sort of a dance is it?”“Why,” said the Gryphon, “you first form into a line along the
sea-shore—”“Two lines!” cried the Mock Turtle. “Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on;
then, when you’ve cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way—”“_That_ generally takes some time,” interrupted the Gryphon.“—you advance twice—”“Each with a lobster as a partner!” cried the Gryphon.“Of course,” the Mock Turtle said: “advance twice, set to partners—”“—change lobsters, and retire in same order,” continued the Gryphon.“Then, you know,” the Mock Turtle went on, “you throw the—”“The lobsters!” shouted the Gryphon, with a bound into the air.“—as far out to sea as you can—”“Swim after them!” screamed the Gryphon.“Turn a somersault in the sea!” cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly
about.“Change lobsters again!” yelled the Gryphon at the top of its voice.“Back to land again, and that’s all the first figure,” said the Mock
Turtle, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures, who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time, sat down again very
sadly and quietly, and looked at Alice.“It must be a very pretty dance,” said Alice timidly.“Would you like to see a little of it?” said the Mock Turtle.“Very much indeed,” said Alice.“Come, let’s try the first figure!” said the Mock Turtle to the
Gryphon. “We can do without lobsters, you know. Which shall sing?”“Oh, _you_ sing,” said the Gryphon. “I’ve forgotten the words.”So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
then treading on her toes when they passed too close, and waving their
forepaws to mark the time, while the Mock Turtle sang this, very slowly
and sadly:—“Will you walk a little faster?” said a whiting to a snail.
“There’s a porpoise close behind us, and he’s treading on my tail.
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
They are waiting on the shingle—will you come and join the dance?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?“You can really have no notion how delightful it will be
When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to sea!”
But the snail replied “Too far, too far!” and gave a look askance—
Said he thanked the whiting kindly, but he would not join the dance.
Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance.
Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the dance.“What matters it how far we go?” his scaly friend replied.
“There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
The further off from England the nearer is to France—
Then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance.
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?”
“Thank you, it’s a very interesting dance to watch,” said Alice,
feeling very glad that it was over at last: “and I do so like that
curious song about the whiting!”“Oh, as to the whiting,” said the Mock Turtle, “they—you’ve seen them,
of course?”“Yes,” said Alice, “I’ve often seen them at dinn—” she checked herself
hastily.“I don’t know where Dinn may be,” said the Mock Turtle, “but if you’ve
seen them so often, of course you know what they’re like.”“I believe so,” Alice replied thoughtfully. “They have their tails in
their mouths—and they’re all over crumbs.”“You’re wrong about the crumbs,” said the Mock Turtle: “crumbs would
all wash off in the sea. But they _have_ their tails in their mouths;
and the reason is—” here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his
eyes.—“Tell her about the reason and all that,” he said to the Gryphon.“The reason is,” said the Gryphon, “that they _would_ go with the
lobsters to the dance. So they got thrown out to sea. So they had to
fall a long way. So they got their tails fast in their mouths. So they
couldn’t get them out again. That’s all.”“Thank you,” said Alice, “it’s very interesting. I never knew so much
about a whiting before.”“I can tell you more than that, if you like,” said the Gryphon. “Do you
know why it’s called a whiting?”“I never thought about it,” said Alice. “Why?”“_It does the boots and shoes_,” the Gryphon replied very solemnly.Alice was thoroughly puzzled. “Does the boots and shoes!” she repeated
in a wondering tone.“Why, what are _your_ shoes done with?” said the Gryphon. “I mean, what
makes them so shiny?”Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she gave her
answer. “They’re done with blacking, I believe.”“Boots and shoes under the sea,” the Gryphon went on in a deep voice,
“are done with a whiting. Now you know.”“And what are they made of?” Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.“Soles and eels, of course,” the Gryphon replied rather impatiently:
“any shrimp could have told you that.”“If I’d been the whiting,” said Alice, whose thoughts were still
running on the song, “I’d have said to the porpoise, ‘Keep back,
please: we don’t want _you_ with us!’”“They were obliged to have him with them,” the Mock Turtle said: “no
wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.”“Wouldn’t it really?” said Alice in a tone of great surprise.“Of course not,” said the Mock Turtle: “why, if a fish came to _me_,
and told me he was going a journey, I should say ‘With what porpoise?’”“Don’t you mean ‘purpose’?” said Alice.“I mean what I say,” the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone. And
the Gryphon added “Come, let’s hear some of _your_ adventures.”“I could tell you my adventures—beginning from this morning,” said
Alice a little timidly: “but it’s no use going back to yesterday,
because I was a different person then.”“Explain all that,” said the Mock Turtle.“No, no! The adventures first,” said the Gryphon in an impatient tone:
“explanations take such a dreadful time.”So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first
saw the White Rabbit. She was a little nervous about it just at first,
the two creatures got so close to her, one on each side, and opened
their eyes and mouths so _very_ wide, but she gained courage as she
went on. Her listeners were perfectly quiet till she got to the part
about her repeating “_You are old, Father William_,” to the
Caterpillar, and the words all coming different, and then the Mock
Turtle drew a long breath, and said “That’s very curious.”“It’s all about as curious as it can be,” said the Gryphon.“It all came different!” the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully. “I
should like to hear her try and repeat something now. Tell her to
begin.” He looked at the Gryphon as if he thought it had some kind of
authority over Alice.“Stand up and repeat ‘’_Tis the voice of the sluggard_,’” said the
Gryphon.“How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat lessons!”
thought Alice; “I might as well be at school at once.” However, she got
up, and began to repeat it, but her head was so full of the Lobster
Quadrille, that she hardly knew what she was saying, and the words came
very queer indeed:—“’Tis the voice of the Lobster; I heard him declare,
“You have baked me too brown, I must sugar my hair.”
As a duck with its eyelids, so he with his nose
Trims his belt and his buttons, and turns out his toes.”[later editions continued as follows
When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark,
And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,
But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,
His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]
“That’s different from what _I_ used to say when I was a child,” said
the Gryphon.“Well, I never heard it before,” said the Mock Turtle; “but it sounds
uncommon nonsense.”Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hands,
wondering if anything would _ever_ happen in a natural way again.“I should like to have it explained,” said the Mock Turtle.“She can’t explain it,” said the Gryphon hastily. “Go on with the next
verse.”“But about his toes?” the Mock Turtle persisted. “How _could_ he turn
them out with his nose, you know?”“It’s the first position in dancing.” Alice said; but was dreadfully
puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the subject.“Go on with the next verse,” the Gryphon repeated impatiently: “it
begins ‘_I passed by his garden_.’”Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would all come
wrong, and she went on in a trembling voice:—“I passed by his garden, and marked, with one eye,
How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie—”[later editions continued as follows
The Panther took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat,
While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat.
When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon,
Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:
While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl,
And concluded the banquet—]
“What _is_ the use of repeating all that stuff,” the Mock Turtle
interrupted, “if you don’t explain it as you go on? It’s by far the
most confusing thing _I_ ever heard!”“Yes, I think you’d better leave off,” said the Gryphon: and Alice was
only too glad to do so.“Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?” the Gryphon
went on. “Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?”“Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,” Alice
replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather offended tone,
“Hm! No accounting for tastes! Sing her ‘_Turtle Soup_,’ will you, old
fellow?”The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked
with sobs, to sing this:—“Beautiful Soup, so rich and green,
Waiting in a hot tureen!
Who for such dainties would not stoop?
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
    Beautiful, beautiful Soup!“Beautiful Soup! Who cares for fish,
Game, or any other dish?
Who would not give all else for two p
ennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
    Beautiful, beauti—FUL SOUP!”
“Chorus again!” cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had just begun
to repeat it, when a cry of “The trial’s beginning!” was heard in the
distance.“Come on!” cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried
off, without waiting for the end of the song.“What trial is it?” Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon only
answered “Come on!” and ran the faster, while more and more faintly
came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the melancholy words:—“Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
    Beautiful, beautiful Soup!”",lobster quadrille mock turtle sigh deeply draw flapper eye look alice try speak minute sob choke voice bone throat say gryphon set work shake punch mock turtle recover voice tear run cheek go live sea say introduce lobster alice begin taste check hastily say idea delightful thing lobster quadrille say alice sort dance say gryphon form line sea line cry mock turtle seal turtle salmon clear jelly fish generally take time interrupt gryphon advance lobster partner cry gryphon course mock turtle say advance twice set lobster retire order continue gryphon know mock turtle go throw lobster shout gryphon bind air far sea scream gryphon somersault sea cry mock turtle caper wildly lobster yell gryphon voice land figure say mock turtle suddenly drop voice creature jump like mad thing time sit sadly quietly look alice pretty dance say alice timidly like little say mock turtle say alice let try figure say mock turtle gryphon lobster know shall sing say gryphon forget word begin solemnly dance round round alice tread toe pass close wave forepaw mark time mock turtle sing slowly walk little fast say whiting snail porpoise close tread tail eagerly lobster turtle advance wait shingle come join dance wo wo join dance wo wo wo join notion delightful throw lobster sea snail reply far far give look askance say thank whiting kindly join dance join dance join dance matter far scaly friend reply shore know england nearer france turn pale beloved snail come join dance wo wo join dance wo wo wo join dance thank interesting dance watch say alice feel glad like curious song whiting say mock turtle see say alice see dinn check hastily know dinn say mock turtle see course know like believe alice reply thoughtfully tail mouth crumb wrong crumb say mock turtle crumb wash sea tail mouth reason mock turtle yawn shut reason say gryphon reason say gryphon lobster dance get throw sea fall long way get tail fast mouth say alice interesting know whiting tell like say gryphon know call think say alice boot shoe gryphon reply solemnly alice thoroughly puzzle boot shoe repeat wonder tone shoe say gryphon mean make look consider little give answer black believe shoe sea gryphon go deep voice whiting know alice ask tone great curiosity eel course gryphon reply impatiently shrimp tell whiting say alice thought run song say porpoise want oblige mock turtle say wise fish porpoise say alice tone great surprise course say mock turtle fish come tell go journey mean purpose say alice mean mock turtle reply offended tone gryphon add come let hear adventure tell adventure begin morning say alice little timidly use go yesterday different person say mock turtle adventure say gryphon impatient tone explanation dreadful time alice begin tell adventure time see white rabbit little nervous creature get close open eye mouth wide gain courage go listener perfectly quiet till get repeat old father william caterpillar word come different mock turtle draw long breath say curious curious say gryphon come different mock turtle repeat thoughtfully like hear try repeat tell begin look gryphon think kind authority alice repeat tis voice sluggard say gryphon creature order repeat lesson think alice school get begin repeat head lobster quadrille hardly know say word come queer voice lobster hear declare bake brown sugar hair duck eyelid nose trim belt button turn toe edition continue follow sand dry gay lark talk contemptuous tone shark tide rise shark voice timid tremulous sound different child say gryphon hear say mock turtle sound uncommon nonsense say sit face hand wonder happen natural way like explain say mock turtle explain say gryphon hastily verse toe mock turtle persist turn nose position dancing alice say dreadfully puzzle thing long change subject verse gryphon repeat impatiently begin pass dare disobey feel sure come wrong go tremble pass garden mark eye owl panther share edition continue follow panther take pie crust gravy meat owl dish share treat pie finish owl boon kindly permit pocket spoon panther receive knife fork growl conclude banquet use repeat stuff mock turtle interrupt explain far confusing thing think well leave say gryphon alice glad try figure lobster quadrille gryphon go like mock turtle sing song mock turtle kind alice reply eagerly gryphon say offended tone hm accounting taste sing turtle soup old mock turtle sigh deeply begin voice choke sob sing soup rich green wait hot tureen dainty stoop soup evening beautiful soup soup evening beautiful soup beau ootiful soo oop beau ootiful soo oop soo oop e e evening beautiful beautiful soup care fish game dish p ennyworth beautiful soup pennyworth beautiful soup beau ootiful soo oop beau ootiful soo oop soo oop e e evening beautiful beauti ful soup chorus cry gryphon mock turtle begin repeat cry trial beginning hear distance cry gryphon take alice hand hurry wait end song trial alice pant run gryphon answer come run fast faintly come carry breeze follow melancholy oop e e evening beautiful beautiful soup
10,Caroll,Alice," XI.
Who Stole the Tarts?
The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they
arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them—all sorts of little
birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was
standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one
hand, and a scroll of parchment in the other. In the very middle of the
court was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it: they looked so
good, that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them—“I wish they’d
get the trial done,” she thought, “and hand round the refreshments!”
But there seemed to be no chance of this, so she began looking at
everything about her, to pass away the time.Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but she had read
about them in books, and she was quite pleased to find that she knew
the name of nearly everything there. “That’s the judge,” she said to
herself, “because of his great wig.”The judge, by the way, was the King; and as he wore his crown over the
wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he did it,) he
did not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly not becoming.“And that’s the jury-box,” thought Alice, “and those twelve creatures,”
(she was obliged to say “creatures,” you see, because some of them were
animals, and some were birds,) “I suppose they are the jurors.” She
said this last word two or three times over to herself, being rather
proud of it: for she thought, and rightly too, that very few little
girls of her age knew the meaning of it at all. However, “jury-men”
would have done just as well.The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates. “What are
they doing?” Alice whispered to the Gryphon. “They can’t have anything
to put down yet, before the trial’s begun.”“They’re putting down their names,” the Gryphon whispered in reply,
“for fear they should forget them before the end of the trial.”“Stupid things!” Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but she
stopped hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, “Silence in the
court!” and the King put on his spectacles and looked anxiously round,
to make out who was talking.Alice could see, as well as if she were looking over their shoulders,
that all the jurors were writing down “stupid things!” on their slates,
and she could even make out that one of them didn’t know how to spell
“stupid,” and that he had to ask his neighbour to tell him. “A nice
muddle their slates’ll be in before the trial’s over!” thought Alice.One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked. This of course, Alice
could _not_ stand, and she went round the court and got behind him, and
very soon found an opportunity of taking it away. She did it so quickly
that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out
at all what had become of it; so, after hunting all about for it, he
was obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and this
was of very little use, as it left no mark on the slate.“Herald, read the accusation!” said the King.On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then
unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:—“The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts,
    All on a summer day:
The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts,
    And took them quite away!”
“Consider your verdict,” the King said to the jury.“Not yet, not yet!” the Rabbit hastily interrupted. “There’s a great
deal to come before that!”“Call the first witness,” said the King; and the White Rabbit blew
three blasts on the trumpet, and called out, “First witness!”The first witness was the Hatter. He came in with a teacup in one hand
and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other. “I beg pardon, your
Majesty,” he began, “for bringing these in: but I hadn’t quite finished
my tea when I was sent for.”“You ought to have finished,” said the King. “When did you begin?”The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse. “Fourteenth of March, I _think_ it
was,” he said.“Fifteenth,” said the March Hare.“Sixteenth,” added the Dormouse.“Write that down,” the King said to the jury, and the jury eagerly
wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and
reduced the answer to shillings and pence.“Take off your hat,” the King said to the Hatter.“It isn’t mine,” said the Hatter.“_Stolen!_” the King exclaimed, turning to the jury, who instantly made
a memorandum of the fact.“I keep them to sell,” the Hatter added as an explanation; “I’ve none
of my own. I’m a hatter.”Here the Queen put on her spectacles, and began staring at the Hatter,
who turned pale and fidgeted.“Give your evidence,” said the King; “and don’t be nervous, or I’ll
have you executed on the spot.”This did not seem to encourage the witness at all: he kept shifting
from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and in his
confusion he bit a large piece out of his teacup instead of the
bread-and-butter.Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which puzzled
her a good deal until she made out what it was: she was beginning to
grow larger again, and she thought at first she would get up and leave
the court; but on second thoughts she decided to remain where she was
as long as there was room for her.“I wish you wouldn’t squeeze so.” said the Dormouse, who was sitting
next to her. “I can hardly breathe.”“I can’t help it,” said Alice very meekly: “I’m growing.”“You’ve no right to grow _here_,” said the Dormouse.“Don’t talk nonsense,” said Alice more boldly: “you know you’re growing
too.”“Yes, but _I_ grow at a reasonable pace,” said the Dormouse: “not in
that ridiculous fashion.” And he got up very sulkily and crossed over
to the other side of the court.All this time the Queen had never left off staring at the Hatter, and,
just as the Dormouse crossed the court, she said to one of the officers
of the court, “Bring me the list of the singers in the last concert!”
on which the wretched Hatter trembled so, that he shook both his shoes
off.“Give your evidence,” the King repeated angrily, “or I’ll have you
executed, whether you’re nervous or not.”“I’m a poor man, your Majesty,” the Hatter began, in a trembling voice,
“—and I hadn’t begun my tea—not above a week or so—and what with the
bread-and-butter getting so thin—and the twinkling of the tea—”“The twinkling of the _what?_” said the King.“It _began_ with the tea,” the Hatter replied.“Of course twinkling begins with a T!” said the King sharply. “Do you
take me for a dunce? Go on!”“I’m a poor man,” the Hatter went on, “and most things twinkled after
that—only the March Hare said—”“I didn’t!” the March Hare interrupted in a great hurry.“You did!” said the Hatter.“I deny it!” said the March Hare.“He denies it,” said the King: “leave out that part.”“Well, at any rate, the Dormouse said—” the Hatter went on, looking
anxiously round to see if he would deny it too: but the Dormouse denied
nothing, being fast asleep.“After that,” continued the Hatter, “I cut some more bread-and-butter—”“But what did the Dormouse say?” one of the jury asked.“That I can’t remember,” said the Hatter.“You _must_ remember,” remarked the King, “or I’ll have you executed.”The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, and went
down on one knee. “I’m a poor man, your Majesty,” he began.“You’re a _very_ poor _speaker_,” said the King.Here one of the guinea-pigs cheered, and was immediately suppressed by
the officers of the court. (As that is rather a hard word, I will just
explain to you how it was done. They had a large canvas bag, which tied
up at the mouth with strings: into this they slipped the guinea-pig,
head first, and then sat upon it.)“I’m glad I’ve seen that done,” thought Alice. “I’ve so often read in
the newspapers, at the end of trials, “There was some attempts at
applause, which was immediately suppressed by the officers of the
court,” and I never understood what it meant till now.”“If that’s all you know about it, you may stand down,” continued the
King.“I can’t go no lower,” said the Hatter: “I’m on the floor, as it is.”“Then you may _sit_ down,” the King replied.Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.“Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!” thought Alice. “Now we shall get
on better.”“I’d rather finish my tea,” said the Hatter, with an anxious look at
the Queen, who was reading the list of singers.“You may go,” said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court,
without even waiting to put his shoes on.“—and just take his head off outside,” the Queen added to one of the
officers: but the Hatter was out of sight before the officer could get
to the door.“Call the next witness!” said the King.The next witness was the Duchess’s cook. She carried the pepper-box in
her hand, and Alice guessed who it was, even before she got into the
court, by the way the people near the door began sneezing all at once.“Give your evidence,” said the King.“Shan’t,” said the cook.The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a low voice,
“Your Majesty must cross-examine _this_ witness.”“Well, if I must, I must,” the King said, with a melancholy air, and,
after folding his arms and frowning at the cook till his eyes were
nearly out of sight, he said in a deep voice, “What are tarts made of?”“Pepper, mostly,” said the cook.“Treacle,” said a sleepy voice behind her.“Collar that Dormouse,” the Queen shrieked out. “Behead that Dormouse!
Turn that Dormouse out of court! Suppress him! Pinch him! Off with his
whiskers!”For some minutes the whole court was in confusion, getting the Dormouse
turned out, and, by the time they had settled down again, the cook had
disappeared.“Never mind!” said the King, with an air of great relief. “Call the
next witness.” And he added in an undertone to the Queen, “Really, my
dear, _you_ must cross-examine the next witness. It quite makes my
forehead ache!”Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list, feeling
very curious to see what the next witness would be like, “—for they
haven’t got much evidence _yet_,” she said to herself. Imagine her
surprise, when the White Rabbit read out, at the top of his shrill
little voice, the name “Alice!”",xi steal tarts king queen hearts seat throne arrive great crowd assemble sort little bird beast pack card knave stand chain soldier guard near king white rabbit trumpet hand scroll parchment middle court table large dish tart look good alice hungry look wish trial think hand round refreshment chance begin look pass away time alice court justice read book pleased find know nearly judge say great wig judge way king wear crown wig look frontispiece want look comfortable certainly jury box think alice creature oblige creature animal bird suppose juror say word time proud think rightly little girl age know meaning jury man juror write busily slate alice whisper gryphon trial begin put name gryphon whisper reply fear forget end trial thing alice begin loud indignant voice stop hastily white rabbit cry silence court king spectacle look anxiously round talk alice look shoulder juror write stupid thing slate know spell stupid ask neighbour tell nice muddle trial think alice juror pencil squeak course alice stand go round court get soon find opportunity take away quickly poor little juror bill lizard hunt oblige write finger rest day little use leave mark slate read accusation say king white rabbit blow blast trumpet unroll parchment scroll read queen hearts tart summer day knave hearts steal tart take away consider verdict king say jury rabbit hastily interrupt great deal come witness say king white rabbit blow blast trumpet call witness hatter come teacup hand piece bread butter beg pardon majesty begin bring finish tea send ought finish say king hatter look march hare follow court arm arm dormouse fourteenth march think say say march hare add dormouse king say jury jury eagerly write date slate add reduce answer shilling pence hat king say hatter say hatter king exclaim turn jury instantly memorandum fact sell hatter add explanation hatter queen spectacle begin stare hatter turn pale fidget evidence say king nervous execute spot encourage witness keep shift foot look uneasily queen confusion bite large piece teacup instead bread butter moment alice feel curious sensation puzzle good deal begin grow large think leave court second thought decide remain long room wish squeeze say dormouse sit hardly breathe help say alice meekly grow right grow say dormouse talk nonsense say alice boldly know grow grow reasonable pace say dormouse ridiculous fashion get sulkily cross court time queen leave stare hatter dormouse cross court say officer court bring list singer concert wretched hatter tremble shake shoe evidence king repeat angrily execute nervous poor man majesty hatter begin trembling voice begin tea week bread butter get thin twinkling twinkling say king begin tea hatter reply course twinkle begin t say king sharply dunce poor man hatter go thing twinkle march hare march hare interrupt great hurry say hatter deny say march hare deny say king leave rate dormouse say hatter go look anxiously round deny dormouse deny fast asleep continue hatter cut bread dormouse jury ask remember say hatter remember remark king execute miserable hatter drop teacup bread butter go knee poor man majesty begin poor speaker say king guinea pig cheer immediately suppress officer court hard word explain large canvas bag tie mouth string slip guinea pig head sit glad see think alice read newspaper end trial attempt applause immediately suppress officer court understand mean till know stand continue king low say hatter floor sit king reply guinea pig cheer suppress finish guinea pig think alice shall well finish tea say hatter anxious look queen read list singer say king hatter hurriedly leave court wait shoe head outside queen add officer hatter sight officer door witness say king witness duchess cook carry pepper box hand alice guess get court way people near door begin sneeze evidence say king say cook king look anxiously white rabbit say low voice majesty cross examine witness king say melancholy air fold arm frowning cook till eye nearly sight say deep voice tart say cook say sleepy voice dormouse queen shriek behead dormouse turn dormouse court suppress pinch minute court confusion get dormouse turn time settle cook disappear mind say king air great relief witness add undertone queen dear cross examine witness make forehead watch white rabbit fumble list feel curious witness like get evidence say imagine surprise white rabbit read shrill little voice alice
11,Caroll,Alice," XII.
Alice’s Evidence
“Here!” cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how
large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such
a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt,
upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there
they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of
goldfish she had accidentally upset the week before.“Oh, I _beg_ your pardon!” she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay, and
began picking them up again as quickly as she could, for the accident
of the goldfish kept running in her head, and she had a vague sort of
idea that they must be collected at once and put back into the
jury-box, or they would die.“The trial cannot proceed,” said the King in a very grave voice, “until
all the jurymen are back in their proper places—_all_,” he repeated
with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as he said so.Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she had put
the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing was waving its
tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move. She soon
got it out again, and put it right; “not that it signifies much,” she
said to herself; “I should think it would be _quite_ as much use in the
trial one way up as the other.”As soon as the jury had a little recovered from the shock of being
upset, and their slates and pencils had been found and handed back to
them, they set to work very diligently to write out a history of the
accident, all except the Lizard, who seemed too much overcome to do
anything but sit with its mouth open, gazing up into the roof of the
court.“What do you know about this business?” the King said to Alice.“Nothing,” said Alice.“Nothing _whatever?_” persisted the King.“Nothing whatever,” said Alice.“That’s very important,” the King said, turning to the jury. They were
just beginning to write this down on their slates, when the White
Rabbit interrupted: “_Un_important, your Majesty means, of course,” he
said in a very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at him as
he spoke.“_Un_important, of course, I meant,” the King hastily said, and went on
to himself in an undertone,“important—unimportant—unimportant—important—” as if he were trying
which word sounded best.Some of the jury wrote it down “important,” and some “unimportant.”
Alice could see this, as she was near enough to look over their slates;
“but it doesn’t matter a bit,” she thought to herself.At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily writing in
his note-book, cackled out “Silence!” and read out from his book, “Rule
Forty-two. _All persons more than a mile high to leave the court_.”Everybody looked at Alice.“_I’m_ not a mile high,” said Alice.“You are,” said the King.“Nearly two miles high,” added the Queen.“Well, I shan’t go, at any rate,” said Alice: “besides, that’s not a
regular rule: you invented it just now.”“It’s the oldest rule in the book,” said the King.“Then it ought to be Number One,” said Alice.The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily. “Consider your
verdict,” he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.“There’s more evidence to come yet, please your Majesty,” said the
White Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; “this paper has just been
picked up.”“What’s in it?” said the Queen.“I haven’t opened it yet,” said the White Rabbit, “but it seems to be a
letter, written by the prisoner to—to somebody.”“It must have been that,” said the King, “unless it was written to
nobody, which isn’t usual, you know.”“Who is it directed to?” said one of the jurymen.“It isn’t directed at all,” said the White Rabbit; “in fact, there’s
nothing written on the _outside_.” He unfolded the paper as he spoke,
and added “It isn’t a letter, after all: it’s a set of verses.”“Are they in the prisoner’s handwriting?” asked another of the jurymen.“No, they’re not,” said the White Rabbit, “and that’s the queerest
thing about it.” (The jury all looked puzzled.)“He must have imitated somebody else’s hand,” said the King. (The jury
all brightened up again.)“Please your Majesty,” said the Knave, “I didn’t write it, and they
can’t prove I did: there’s no name signed at the end.”“If you didn’t sign it,” said the King, “that only makes the matter
worse. You _must_ have meant some mischief, or else you’d have signed
your name like an honest man.”There was a general clapping of hands at this: it was the first really
clever thing the King had said that day.“That _proves_ his guilt,” said the Queen.“It proves nothing of the sort!” said Alice. “Why, you don’t even know
what they’re about!”“Read them,” said the King.The White Rabbit put on his spectacles. “Where shall I begin, please
your Majesty?” he asked.“Begin at the beginning,” the King said gravely, “and go on till you
come to the end: then stop.”These were the verses the White Rabbit read:—“They told me you had been to her,
    And mentioned me to him:
She gave me a good character,
    But said I could not swim.He sent them word I had not gone
    (We know it to be true):
If she should push the matter on,
    What would become of you?I gave her one, they gave him two,
    You gave us three or more;
They all returned from him to you,
    Though they were mine before.If I or she should chance to be
    Involved in this affair,
He trusts to you to set them free,
    Exactly as we were.My notion was that you had been
    (Before she had this fit)
An obstacle that came between
    Him, and ourselves, and it.Don’t let him know she liked them best,
    For this must ever be
A secret, kept from all the rest,
    Between yourself and me.”
“That’s the most important piece of evidence we’ve heard yet,” said the
King, rubbing his hands; “so now let the jury—”“If any one of them can explain it,” said Alice, (she had grown so
large in the last few minutes that she wasn’t a bit afraid of
interrupting him,) “I’ll give him sixpence. _I_ don’t believe there’s
an atom of meaning in it.”The jury all wrote down on their slates, “_She_ doesn’t believe there’s
an atom of meaning in it,” but none of them attempted to explain the
paper.“If there’s no meaning in it,” said the King, “that saves a world of
trouble, you know, as we needn’t try to find any. And yet I don’t
know,” he went on, spreading out the verses on his knee, and looking at
them with one eye; “I seem to see some meaning in them, after all.
“—_said I could not swim_—” you can’t swim, can you?” he added, turning
to the Knave.The Knave shook his head sadly. “Do I look like it?” he said. (Which he
certainly did _not_, being made entirely of cardboard.)“All right, so far,” said the King, and he went on muttering over the
verses to himself: “‘_We know it to be true_—’ that’s the jury, of
course—‘_I gave her one, they gave him two_—’ why, that must be what he
did with the tarts, you know—”“But, it goes on ‘_they all returned from him to you_,’” said Alice.“Why, there they are!” said the King triumphantly, pointing to the
tarts on the table. “Nothing can be clearer than _that_. Then
again—‘_before she had this fit_—’ you never had fits, my dear, I
think?” he said to the Queen.“Never!” said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the Lizard
as she spoke. (The unfortunate little Bill had left off writing on his
slate with one finger, as he found it made no mark; but he now hastily
began again, using the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long
as it lasted.)“Then the words don’t _fit_ you,” said the King, looking round the
court with a smile. There was a dead silence.“It’s a pun!” the King added in an offended tone, and everybody
laughed, “Let the jury consider their verdict,” the King said, for
about the twentieth time that day.“No, no!” said the Queen. “Sentence first—verdict afterwards.”“Stuff and nonsense!” said Alice loudly. “The idea of having the
sentence first!”“Hold your tongue!” said the Queen, turning purple.“I won’t!” said Alice.“Off with her head!” the Queen shouted at the top of her voice. Nobody
moved.“Who cares for you?” said Alice, (she had grown to her full size by
this time.) “You’re nothing but a pack of cards!”At this the whole pack rose up into the air, and came flying down upon
her: she gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and
tried to beat them off, and found herself lying on the bank, with her
head in the lap of her sister, who was gently brushing away some dead
leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her face.“Wake up, Alice dear!” said her sister; “Why, what a long sleep you’ve
had!”“Oh, I’ve had such a curious dream!” said Alice, and she told her
sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange
Adventures of hers that you have just been reading about; and when she
had finished, her sister kissed her, and said, “It _was_ a curious
dream, dear, certainly: but now run in to your tea; it’s getting late.”
So Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might,
what a wonderful dream it had been.
But her sister sat still just as she left her, leaning her head on her
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all
her wonderful Adventures, till she too began dreaming after a fashion,
and this was her dream:—First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the tiny
hands were clasped upon her knee, and the bright eager eyes were
looking up into hers—she could hear the very tones of her voice, and
see that queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair
that _would_ always get into her eyes—and still as she listened, or
seemed to listen, the whole place around her became alive with the
strange creatures of her little sister’s dream.The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried by—the
frightened Mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool—she
could hear the rattle of the teacups as the March Hare and his friends
shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen
ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution—once more the pig-baby
was sneezing on the Duchess’s knee, while plates and dishes crashed
around it—once more the shriek of the Gryphon, the squeaking of the
Lizard’s slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs,
filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable Mock
Turtle.So she sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed herself in
Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all
would change to dull reality—the grass would be only rustling in the
wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the reeds—the rattling
teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the Queen’s shrill
cries to the voice of the shepherd boy—and the sneeze of the baby, the
shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change
(she knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard—while the
lowing of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock
Turtle’s heavy sobs.Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers
would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would
keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her
childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children,
and make _their_ eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale,
perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she
would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all
their simple joys, remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer
days.",xii alice evidence cry alice forget flurry moment large grow minute jump hurry tip jury box edge skirt upset juryman head crowd lie sprawl remind globe goldfish accidentally upset week beg pardon exclaim tone great dismay begin pick quickly accident goldfish keep run head vague sort idea collect jury box die trial proceed say king grave voice juryman proper repeat great emphasis look hard alice say alice look jury box see haste lizard head downward poor little thing wave tail melancholy way unable soon get right signify say think use trial way soon jury little recover shock upset slate pencil find hand set work diligently write history accident lizard overcome sit mouth open gaze roof court know business king say alice say alice persist king say alice important king say turn jury begin write slate white rabbit interrupt majesty mean course say respectful tone frown make face speak course mean king hastily say go unimportant unimportant important try word sound well jury write important unimportant alice near look slate matter bit think moment king time busily write note book cackle silence read book rule person mile high leave look alice mile high say alice say king mile high add queen sha rate say alice regular rule invent old rule book say king ought number say alice king turn pale shut note book hastily consider verdict say jury low tremble voice evidence come majesty say white rabbit jump great hurry paper pick say queen open say white rabbit letter write prisoner somebody say king write usual know direct say juryman direct say white rabbit fact write outside unfold paper speak add letter set verse prisoner handwriting ask juryman say white rabbit queer thing jury look imitate somebody hand say king jury brighten majesty say knave write prove sign end sign say king make matter bad mean mischief sign like honest man general clapping hand clever thing king say day prove guilt say queen prove sort say alice know say king white rabbit spectacle shall begin majesty ask beginning king say gravely till come end stop verse white rabbit tell mention give good character say swim send word go know true push matter give give give return chance involve affair trust set free exactly notion fit obstacle come let know like well secret keep rest important piece evidence hear say king rub hand let explain say alice grow large minute bit afraid interrupt sixpence believe atom meaning jury write slate believe atom meaning attempt explain paper meaning say king save world trouble know need try find know go spread verse knee look eye meaning say swim swim add turn knave knave shake head sadly look like say certainly entirely right far say king go mutter verse know true jury give give tart go return say alice say king triumphantly point tart table clear fit fit dear think say queen say queen furiously throw inkstand lizard speak unfortunate little bill leave writing slate finger find mark hastily begin ink trickle face long word fit say king look round court smile dead silence pun king add offended tone everybody laugh let jury consider verdict king say twentieth time day say queen sentence verdict nonsense say alice loudly idea have sentence tongue say queen turn purple wo say alice head queen shout voice move care say alice grow size time pack pack rise air come fly give little scream half fright half anger try beat find lie bank head lap sister gently brush away dead leave flutter tree face alice dear say sister long sleep curious dream say alice tell sister remember strange adventure read finish sister kiss say curious dream dear certainly run tea get late alice get run think run wonderful dream sister sit leave lean head hand watch set sun thinking little alice wonderful adventure till begin dream fashion dream little alice tiny hand clasp knee bright eager eye look hear tone voice queer little toss head wandering hair eye listen listen place alive strange creature little sister dream long grass rustle foot white rabbit hurry frightened mouse splash way neighbouring pool hear rattle teacup march hare friend share end meal shrill voice queen order unfortunate guest execution pig baby sneeze duchess knee plate dish crash shriek gryphon squeaking lizard slate pencil choking suppressed guinea pig fill air mix distant sob miserable mock turtle sit closed eye half believe wonderland know open change dull reality grass rustle wind pool ripple waving reed rattling teacup change tinkle sheep bell queen shrill cry voice shepherd boy sneeze baby shriek gryphon queer noise change know confused clamour busy farm yard lowing cattle distance place mock turtle heavy sob lastly picture little sister time grown woman riper year simple love heart childhood gather little child eye bright eager strange tale dream wonderland long ago feel simple sorrow find pleasure simple joy remember child life happy summer day
